Profile Results driven. Motivated and passionate with a strong will to learn. Highly adaptable to changing, fast paced environments. Excellent Teamwork and Communication skills. Stephanie Zivia Creative and social with good interpersonal skills. I'm a positive candidate looking for Ludski-Bourguet a new challenge. Details Employment History Barcelona B2B Sales Manager, Tripadvisor Hotels, Barcelona Spain NOVEMBER 2021 - NOVEMBER 2023 674476816 Leading high performing Sales Teams of between 6 - 12 reps across EMEA stephanie.ludskibourguet@gmail.com including UK, Italy, DE, Nordics & Benelux. Focused on both New Business and Retention. Skills FY22 145% vs Target Problem Solving FY23 125% vs Target Top performing Team in EMEA every quarter Teamwork Conducted weekly 1to1s, monitored the performance of sales team members Leadership and worked to increase team morale and motivation. Skills: Forecasting & Pipeline Management . Sales Strategy & Initiatives . Sales Communication Skills Coaching . Sales Processes . Sales Management . Strong situational leadership skills Interview skills Adaptability Senior Customer Success Executive, Tripadvisor Plus, Barcelona MARCH 2021 - NOVEMBER 2021 Languages Onboarded new clients in order to facilitate activation, negotiate the best rates English for Tripadvisor and expand member offerings. Follow up with clients to resolve any issues. Afrikaans Additional initiatives such as leading "how to" sessions. Spanish Customer Success Executive, Tripadvisor Restaurants, Barcelona JUNE 2019 - MARCH 2021 Worked within a designated portfolio of clients to onboard, retain and increase revenue growth. Worked on additional initiatives such as the SME project and being appointed leader of the weekly call coaching sessions. Events Organizer , Cold Turkey, Barcelona SEPTEMBER 2018 - JUNE 2019 Cohosted a monthly music event started in Cape Town, South Africa, then in Barcelona, Spain Artist booking, front of house and hosting. Project Coordinator, , Call Center Barcelona - Lanes/Transport for London, Barcelona MARCH 2018 - JANUARY 2019 Assisted in the construction of the project framework. This included client relationship building, conducting weekly progress meetings with the client and the team, developing the training system, team leadership and productivity & quality control. Maintenance & Logistics Coordinator , Call Center Barcelona - Lanes/Transport for London, Barcelona JANUARY 2018 - MARCH 2018 Key communicator and point of contact between TFL and Lanes engineers to ensure that urgent issues on the London Underground were resolved timely and efficiently. Education Bachelor of Social Sciences, University of Cape Town, Cape Town JANUARY 2010 - DECEMBER 2014 Majoring in Industrial Psychology, Media & Writing and Psychology. High School Diploma, Rustenburg Girls High School, , Cape Town JANUARY 2004 - DECEMBER 2008 Bachelors Pass, Grade 12 Courses Situational Leadership II, Blanchard Presentation Skills, Hope Timberlake Manager Development Program - Instructor Led, Tripadvisor Introduction to UX Design, Springboard MARCH 2024 - APRIL 2024 References References available upon request