RÉMY MOULINIER DIGITAL MARKETER PROFILE Creative and knowledgeable onboarding marketer of 34 years old with an extensive experience in developing data-driven marketing campaigns and strategies. Excellent communication, leadership, management abilities and strong attention to detail are part of my skills. I successfully managed teams in CONTACT the past and aspire now to become a great reference manager to help my + 34 626282165 team achieve great performances. rmoulinier@outlook.com WORK EXPERIENCE Barcelona https://www.linkedin.com/in/ Google/Teleperformance 2021 PRESENT rémy-m-37409b1a1/ Digital Marketing Consultant and Account Manager Google Ads Campaign Building, Adaptive Strategies, Google EDUCATION Analytics, Google Merchant Center, Google My Business, Data Analysis and Reporting. 2020 Develop and execute comprehensive marketing strategies and LE WAGON campaigns that align with the company's goals and objectives. Master Web Development Monitor brand consistency across marketing channels and materials. Level 6 certification Create and manage the marketing budget, ensuring efficient allocation 2015 2016 of resources and optimizing ROI. AEROSCHOOL Oversee market research to identify emerging trends, customer needs, Cabin Crew Attestation and competitor strategies. 2010 2012 Collaboration with Sales team, Tag implementation team, Ad Agencies. FNAIM SCHOOL Freelance 2021 Real Estate BTS Diploma Web Developer and Digital Marketer 2008 2010 HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, Google Ads, Meta. EVRY UNIVERSITY Emirates Airline 2016 2020 Applied Foreign Languages Flight Attendant based in Dubai Licence Diploma Ensured the safety and well being of passengers by adhering to all 2008 safety protocols and procedures. Baccalauréat Economy and Conducted pre-flight briefings to inform passengers of safety features Sociology and emergency procedures. Collaborated with the cabin crew and cockpit crew to maintain a SKILLS smooth and efficient operation. Demonstrated exceptional crisis management skills during Project Management emergency situtations. Public Relations E-Diam Teamwork 2012 2015 Time Management Sales Technician and Team Leader Leadership Concrete sawing, drilling with diamond tools. Effective Communication Managed over 12 employees. Critical Thinking Pricing, Sales, Cold calling, Scheduling. SEO Collaborated with big construction companies like Bouygues, Vinci, Marketing Eiffage, Legendre. Branding CPH Real Estate 2010 2012 Negotiation Real Estate Agent LANGUAGES Guided Sellers and buyers in marketing and purchase property. Collaborated with sellers, coaching them through the processes. English (Fluent) Initiated negotation processes, consulted with clients concerning French (Fluent) market conditions, prices, mortgages and legal requirements, to Spanish (Intermediate) ensure a fair and honest dealing.