WORK EXPERIENCES Medicalib Paris, France Nov. 2023 - Now (>10 months) Data Analyst Engineer - Work-study program Behavioral analysis of healthcare professionals to predict and reduce churn using binary classification models, with a final Random Forest model capable of reducing the churn rate by 5%, enabling the sales team to improve retention. Construction and maintenance of data pipelines, ensuring smooth data processing and process optimization. Il Terraform, PySpark, AWS, Jira, GitLab Development of dashboards to monitor KPIs related to the allocation of care requests and churn prediction. Il AWS QuickSight, Business Intelligence Loic Fraichlin Ngongang Optimization of the allocation algorithm, using the K-means clustering algorithm to assign profiles to healthcare professionals, facilitating the matching of patient care I Data Analyst Engineer requests with the appropriate professionals. Weekly analysis reports based on dashboards and SQL queries, presenting summaries 2 years of experience that highlight key insights or important KPIs. " Data Scientist Engineer with a specialization in Artificial SNCF Le Mans, France Feb. 2023 Aug 2023 (6 months) Intelligence and Project Management, and skills in Machine Learning, Data Engineering, data Data Scientist - Internship visualization, and predictive modeling. With my experience in business, CRM, cybersecurity, and Artificial Intelligence for cybersecurity on trains. healthcare sectors, I am capable of analyzing data to Collection and processing of Ethernet network frames and train control commands using Wireshark and Python. II Tshark, CicFlowMeter generate strategic insights and solve complex problems. I Implementation of a real-time anomaly detection and attack classification architecture, am also able to deploy highly adaptive services to integrating two predictive models (LSTM and Autoencoder), capturing temporal translate functional and business requirements into anomalies. Focus on the F1-score, achieving 97% for the first model and 96% for the concrete deliverables. second. Development of a dashboard for SNCF agents, allowing them to visualize train missions while ensuring real-time monitoring of the network, facilitating rapid decision-making. Il Flask PROFILE île de France, France (Mobility possible) ESPRIT TECH | Tunis, Tunisia Jun Aug 2021 & Jul. Sep. 2022 (6 months) ingongangloic151@gmail.com Data Scientist / Engineer - Internship +33 (0) 7 67 08 02 Training a 3D image classification model from the ADNI database for early detection of Alzheimer's disease using 3D convolutional neural networks Il Keras, 3D CNN in linkedin.com/in/loicngongang/ Scraping, cleaning, and analyzing real estate listing data from multiple websites using github.com/Fraichlin/ Selenium and Beautiful Soup, followed by storing the data in MongoDB and visualizing it with Seaborn. II NLP, NoSQL, Git HARD SKILLS KAMERUN IT Yaounde, Cameroon Oct. 2019 - Oct. 2020 (1 year) Python / Django, R, Java / Spring, PHP / Full Stack Developper - Fixed-Term Contract Symfony, VHDL. PySpark, SQL, NoSQL, AWS QuickSight, Optimization of advertising campaigns through a tracking application, with a front-end developed in Angular and REST APIs for the back-end built in Node.js. II PostgreSQL, Elasticsearch, Hadoop, Tableau, Power BI, Excel. Heroku AWS, Terraform, Azure, GitLab, Docker, GCP Development of administration modules for the student orientation application Jira, Agile, DevOps, UML, IBM Master Plan. (OMDES) using PHP for the web version, and design of the mobile version of the Good knowledge of CCNA and cybersecurity. application with Ionic. Il MySQL Jetson Nano invidia, FPGA. PROJECTS CERTIFICATES Used car price estimation application: Development and deployment of a used car Huawei HCIA-IA V3.0 Il Artificial Intelligence price prediction model using data collected from web listings. The project involved automating First Aid Certificate Il Red Cross data scraping, cleaning the data, and training a prediction model based on Gradient Boosting Il Selenium, Beautiful Soup, NLP, Django, Heroku, Git. LANGUAGES Sentiment analysis application for customer reviews: Development of an application that classifies restaurant customer reviews as positive or negative sentiments. The French Native language project also includes extracting the most frequent topics from the comments using NLP techniques. |Scikit-learn, Logistic Regression, Streamlit, Git. English B2 EDUCATION SOFT SKILLS IA SCHOOL | Paris, France Oct. 2023 Sep 2024 Rigor, Curiosity, Easy team integration, Easy Specialized Master's degree - Artificial Intelligence & Management communication, Sense of organization. ESEO Paris, France Sep. 2022 Sep. 2023 HOBBIES Master's degree in Engineering - Data Science & Artificial Intelligence ESPRIT | Tunis, Tunisia Oct. 2020 Oct. 2022 Content Creator, Table Tennis, High-Tech 1st and 2nd years of Engineering cyle - Data Science Documentation, Video Games, Basket-Ball