SHANTANU BISHT Senior Product Data Analyst Levallois Perret, France +33-749-315-611 LinkedIn Github Web Portfolio shantanu.bisht@yahoo.com SKILLS Programming Python (Pandas, Numpy, Scikit Learn), R, Jupyter Notebook Data Stack Looker, DBT (Data Build Tool), BigQuery, PostgreSQL, ClickHouse Visualization Tableau, Power BI, Google Data Studio, Amplitude, Metabase ETL Google Cloud Platform (GCP), Snowflake, BigQuery, Redshift Soft Skills Problem Solving, Analytics, Communication, Project Management, Stakeholder Management EXPERIENCE Virtuo Technologies, Paris, France Product Data Analyst (09/2023) - Present Developed and maintained a suite of product analytics tools and dashboards in Looker, enabling the product team and other stakeholders to track key business metrics and performance. Collaborated with senior product managers and head of product to prioritise the product roadmap, leading to a 15% increase in customer satisfaction by focusing on high-impact features. Conducted exploratory data analysis, feature generation and root cause analysis on product discovery, usage, and customer behaviour. Findings led to key product improvements that boosted feature adoption by 20% and revenue by 15%. Implemented data processing (data pipelines) to clean and precompute large volumes of data using DBT alongside data engineers, enhancing data quality and accessibility across the organisation. Led product experimentation initiatives for multiple feature squads to enhance user experience, developing rigorous A/B test protocols, and automated python scripts to analyse performance metrics. Led regular looker training sessions to educate teams on the importance of data-driven decision-making and how to leverage analytics tools effectively. Virtuo Technologies, Paris, France Marketing Data Analyst (09/2021) - (09/2023) Developed customer segments and analyse behaviour, identifying high-potential clients through clustering. This initiative resulted in a 4% reduction in customer churn rate in H2 2023, alongside a 70% decrease in customer acquisition costs (CAC) and a simultaneous increase in new client acquisition via optimised Google Ads. Carried out complex in-depth analyses including funnel analysis, cohort analysis, retention analysis, and provided actionable insights that led to a 20% improvement in conversion rates and optimised marketing campaigns, customer retention, referral strategies that increased CLV by 10%, optimising resource allocation and maximising ROI. Developed and maintained a suite of marketing analytics tools and dashboards in Looker, enabling the marketing team to track key business metrics (acquisitions, retention, CAC, CPR) and performance. Developed automated reporting systems that reduced manual reporting efforts by 50%, enabling the team to focus on deeper analysis. Dataiku, Paris, France Marketing Data Analyst Intern (03/2021) - (08/2021) Developed a data pipeline to collect, prepare and clean data for analysis from various sources into the company's data warehouse, providing a reliable data source for marketing analytics. Developed and implemented data quality assurance processes, data management standards, including automated data validation checks, normalisation and transformation as needed. Resulting in a 25% reduction in data errors and improved overall data integrity. INSOFE, Bangalore, India Data Scientist Intern (08/2019) - (12/2019) Worked on a financial data project, designing a fully automated pipeline of anomaly detection models on customer credit card transactions. AON CONSULTING PVT. LTD, India Junior Data Analyst (02/2019) - (07/2019) Data preprocessing and data manipulation with Advanced Excel, SQL, and Python. Writing VBA Macros for automation. EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS ESC Rennes School of Business, France (01/2020) - (11/2021) M.Sc. Data and Business Analytics University of Delhi, New Delhi, India (06/2015) - (05/2018) Bachelors in Mathematics