ABOUT ME CONTACT Entreprenarial mindset, I like PHONE to search for solutions to +33612176658 problems. I am not afraid to work in an environment I don't ADRESSE know. I am comfortable with Placeta d'En Marcus, Barcelona, data and I have excellent España analytical skills. EMAIL In the next months I want to tom.cizeron@edhec.com grow and to contribute to a wonderful project. Tom CIZERON EDUCATION EXPERIENCE 2020 Le Wagon Bootcamp (9 weeks) - Lille September 2023 - June 2024 Bsport I Data Project Fullstack Developer Manager Create an ETL process to be able to integrate the 2016 - 2020 EDHEC Business School - Lille data of a new client in our platform Master 2 Data Analytics and Artificial intelligence Scrap all kind of data from the client website Additional classes : Growth strategies & Game Theory. Create python standardisation and conformity rules Other : Captain of the football team and president of my to transform the client data association. Create sanity check reports to control the data that has been migrated in our platform 2014 - 2016 Claude Fauriel - Saint Etienne Help other teams on different data and tech Preparatory Class Math & Physics problematics Specialization : Computer Science April 2021 - May 2023 I Papernest Data Project Manager THINGS TO KNOW Lead the "OCR project" to retrieve data from PDFs files, check the conformity of this data and store this data (Python + BigQuery) COMPETENCIES Make API connexion to retrieve the missing data Create tools to generate business proposal according to the data. Programming language : Python, Ruby, JavaScript, Create a scraping tool to retrieve phone numbers, HTML, CSS e-mails etc... Other automation projects for different teams Data Science language : R, Python, SQL Language : French (native), English (business), September 2020 - March 2021 I BackMarket Data Spanish (B1 - independent) Analyst Create automated dashboards for different teams Other tools : Tableau, Excel, AWS, Docker (SnowFlake + Tableau). Automate the monitoring of the providers HOBBIES productivity. Create an all process to detect twins on the Football : I have played at a very good level. platform. Set up an automated process to handle products on Cinema : I have rated more than 900 movies. hold (lack of information). Help my teammates solve their technical problems Poetry : I have written my first book of poems. (SQL, VBA, Tableau...). Tom CIZERON PORTFOLIO EXPERIENCE Programming January 2019 - July 2019 I Krank Club Business FindBananas : A simple game about bananas coded Analyst in Python. Analyze the impact of the new features of the Moshie night : Help my friends to organize our application and act consequently. movie/sushi nights thanks to an automated gsheet. Create dashboards for the different units of the company. Hobby Create an acquisition plan (viral loops, promotional Balade en noosphère : My first book of poems. offers etc.) and a retention plan (gamification, push notifications etc.) to increase the number of users. Work on the conception of the product. Analyze and solve some bugs of the app. June 2018 - December 2018 Skello CEO Right- hand Recruitment of future partners: hunting, screening and physical maintenance on selected positions. Optimization of the employer brand and onboarding of new recruits. Cash management assistance, financial reporting to our investors. Project Management to make Customer Service more pleasant (Intercom & Salesforce). Various administrative tasks to make my manager's life easier.