BOGDAN APAN DATA ANALYST CUSTOMER SERVICE ABOUT I am a highly motivated and hardworking individual with several years of experience in PROFESSIONAL SKILLS Customer Services, Data Analytics and Statistics. My excellent language skills and determination to acquire new competencies has provided me with an interesting career. I have been fortunate to International Relationships work in companies where my cultural knowledge, administrative skills and educational International Law & economy background has helped both companies and myself succeed. Qualitative and quantitative research , Bases of Python, Data WORK EXPERIENCE recovery, Data analysis, Machine Senior Customer Services Learning Supervised and not Administrator at Cambridge University Press & Assessment Supervised, NLP, Deep Learning, LAMBREDGE March 2019 September 2021 3 years 4 months Data engineering & Big Data Paris, Ile-de-France, France Senior Customer Services Administrator IT SKILLS Python, SQL, - Facilitation and management of a distribution network of more than 160 exam centres and Linguaskill agents in Benelux, Moldova, Africa, Romania and the Balkans (185 examination centres - 00000 NoSQL, SQLite, MySQL, candidates/ year). MongoDB, NumPY, Pandas, -Full front-line support to the network, exam candidates, customers, stakeholders, and partners. Seaborn, Matplotlib, Skitlearn, -Prospecting and analysis of applications from potential new centres; coordination and organisation of TensorFlow, Streamlit, Git and Git exam sessions. - Quality assurance of systems and procedures in exam administrations across the region through Hub, PowerBi. centre audits, inspections; translation and updating of exam related documentation. -Administrative and financial monitoring. LANGUAGES English, French, - Participation in the promotion of Cambridge English language examinations. Italian & Romanian - Creation and updating of databases; Organisation of events. - Collaboration with cross-functional teams in Cambridge (headquarters) for the implementation of the PERSONAL SKILLS global and local strategy such as the Customer First strategy, by guaranteeing an impeccable customer journey for greater customer satisfaction and loyalty. Creative spirit and sweet Extrovert and kind Log Responsible for 3 establisments (total of 75 employees) FrogPubs Reliable and professional June 2011 February 2019 7 years 9 Organised months Ambitious Highly skilled, performance driven with a proven ability to grow a successful business. Adept at Team player establishing positive operations, improving workflow and hiring process, as well as managing Fast learner personnel ( managing the team though a service for 300 guests. I inspired and developped effective Motivated management teams that led by example to create a culture of accountability that provides the ultimate experience for the customers Responsible Project Development Manager Studium Green CERTIFICATES September 2005 February.2010 4 years 6 months Cluj-Napoca, Judet de Cluj, Romania Language Certificate in Project team management, communication- sales, audit and operation management, customer English service - negotiation. Building marketing and sale of 366 appartements over a period of 6 weeks. - C1 CRF CONTACT EDUCATION P : +33 6 28 62 59 71 DATA ANALYTICS ENGINEER, DATA SCIENCE E : apanbogdan@yahoo.com Artefact School of Data, Paris, France (2023-2024) Title of awarded qualification : Data analyst PERSONAL INFO Level in national classification : Higher Education Address : 57 rue Voltaire, BACHELOR OF POLITICAL, ADMINISTRATIVE AND COMMUNICATION SCIENCES Suresnes, 92150, France Nationality : Romanian University of Babes-Bolyaj, Cluj - Napoca, Romania (2001-2005) Date of Birth : 19.04.1982 Title of awarded qualification : License Level in national classification : Higher Education