Mostafa Elanany Data Analyst mostafa.elenany@outlook.com +33 7 53 99 83 19 Paris, France Linkedln Portfolio GitHub PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Data Analyst Oct 2023 - May 2024 Remote ZeScope Collaborated with cross-functional teams to collect requirements for ad hoc reports. Leveraged Jupyter Notebook for data cleaning, transformation and visualization to identify trends and patterns. Created custom reports and dashboards to measure and monitor performance. Tech Stack: Dynamics 365, Excel, Jupyter Notebook, Python, Matplotlib Analytics Engineer Jan 2023 - Aug 2023 I Paris, France Shippeo Designed and delivered dashboards with real-time insights, boosting business performance by 20%. Optimized data pipelines, reducing processing time by 30%. Partnered with teams to develop and implement data quality solutions, resulting in a 25% revenue increase. Led the design and maintenance of documentation for both data pipelines and dashboards to ensure clarity. Developed and implemented dimensional data models using Kimball methodology. Tech Stack: DBT, Snowflake, Tableau, SQL and Python PERSONAL PROJECTS End-to-End Real-Time Data Pipeline (In Progress) Prepared a real-time data pipeline using PostgreSQL and Debezium for CDC, streaming data into Kafka. Managed raw streaming data storage in Amazon S3 for scalability. Transformed and modeled data in Redshift with dbt, optimizing performance. Managed project dependencies and environment configurations with Poetry. Deployed infrastructure with Terraform, containerized services with Docker, and orchestrated workflow using Airflow. Created dashboard in Tableau, driving data-driven decisions. Tech Stack: PostgreSQL, Debezium, Kafka, Amazon S3, dbt, Redshift, Airflow, Terraform, Docker, Poetry, Tableau Tableau Defined and built interactive dashboards in Tableau. Profile @ Data Pipeline Generated a fully automated ETL pipeline. Implemented a Star Schema using DBT and loading data into Snowflake. Orchestrated data pipelines with Airflow and containerized the project with Docker, deploying it on EC2. GitHub @ Tech Stack: Python, dbt, Snowflake, Apache Airflow, Docker, AWS EC2 Cats and Dogs Classification Trained a deep learning model to classify images as containing either a cat or a dog. Built a web application that predicts a given image. GitHub @ I Webapp @ Tech Stack: Python, TensorFlow, Flask, Streamlit SKILLS Programming & Data Tools - Python | SQL Airflow DBT | Snowflake Tableau Kafka Cloud/DevOps - AWS | Terraform Docker Poetry Git Languages - English (Fluent) | French (Intermediate - B1) EDUCATION M.Sc. in Artificial Intelligence For Marketing Apr 2024 I Paris, France EPITA Relevant Coursework: Data Structure and Algorithms, Data visualization, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Computer Vision, Recommendation systems CERTIFICATES AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner (CCP) @ Terraform Associate (003) @