Looking for a job at Getaround as a Data Analyst Holder of a Master's degree in mathematics applied to statistics. Rigorous, organized and with an analytical mind, I would like to bring my skills and knowledge to your company. FORMATION 2022-2024 Master of Applied Mathematics and Statistics, social sciences and amU population analysis parcours, Aix Marseille University Exploratory statistics, categorical data processing, statistical tests (chi-2, anova, correlation), duration models, machine learning algorithms : PCA/K-means, HAC and other classification methods, Lucas Mery ANOVA/ANCOVA regressions Various computer software and programming languages 10/25/2000 (23 years old) 2020-2022 - L3 general mathematics and applications University of Avignon 07 69 88 2018-2020 - CPGE MPSI-MP equivalences acquired L2 (math and physics-chemistry) Campus l'aizon lucas.mery30@outlook.fr Nîmes - Emmanuel d'Alzon High School B license and personal vehicle PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCES o 445 chemin de Lirac 30126 Saint Laurent des arbres and 2 rue parmentier 91120 Avril - Sept 2024 Scientific interest group on profesionnal and environmental GISCOP84 Palaiseau, France cancers Avignon 84000 - Data Analyst (6-month M2 internship) Cleaning and retrospective analysis of a database Linkedin : www.linkedin.com/in/lucas-mery- Analysis of the professional paths of patients with 58256a257 hematological cancer who worked in the agricultural sector or in cleaning activities: descriptive statistics, duration models and sequence analyses of these paths. SOFTWARE AND PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES April - June 2023 Climate and Environmental Sciences Laboratory Paris-Saclay University - Data Analyst (3-month M1 internship) LSCE Analysis of variables (dielectric permittivity, etc.) linked to soil sas water saturation. R language, SAS Search for a temperature correction in order to gain precision Rstudio interface Python on the predictive flood model (linear and quadratic regression, analysis on the residuals). TEX Use of Bash in Ubuntu (Linux) MAKER SQL Office 365 TeXMaker SQL Canvas/Lucidcha May - June 2022 Marcoule Atomic Energy Commission (L3 internship) (LateX) rt/packOffice Conducting a survey on the use of mathematics within the CEA. Visual Implementation of a text recognition algorithm for QGIS Basic management consultants. Scilab QGIS Scilab for Applications VBA Since 2022 Private mathematics lessons for high school and middle school students Avignon LANGUAGES Since 2017 CM Solutions Miribel 01700 Company - order preparer CM Solutions English : C1 level certified by over periods of one to three weeks. LanguageCert (87/100) COMPLETED PROJECTS German : beginner Supervised research work, report submitted to FEDOSOLI on osteopathy clients : Creation and distribution of a questionnaire to a panel to refine patient targeting INTERESTS Data visualization on survey results (categorical data), statistical tests and MCA Study on household equipment as an indicator of wealth among Rwandan households : Energy, Climate and Environment (books Data visualization, statistical tests and MCA. by J-M-Jancovici, Phillipe Bihouix, Aurélien Barrau, online conferences...) SUMMARY OF SKILLS AND QUALITIES Popular science, online video (YT channel: Black pen Red pen, ElJi, Ability to analyze a problem and establish a Writing reports with different text tools Amazing Science). Geography. methodology to solve it Mastery of mathematical tools (PCA Attention to detail regressions, statistical tests, etc.) Rigorous, autonomous and organized Proficiency in various software and Sports: Practice of several mountain Teamwork sports: climbing, skiing, hiking, languages (R, LateX, Python, SQL, QGIS, mountaineering, paragliding. Spirit of synthesis etc.) Adaptability Data visualization on R