Abhinay Nampally +33766375444 Data Analyst abhi250895@gmail.com LinkedIn URL Paris, France Skilled Data Analyst with 5 years of expertise in driving business growth and improving operational efficiency through data - driven methodologies. Proficient in predictive modeling, customer analytics, market analysis, pricing strategies, and data visualization with a solid background in business intelligence and quantitative analysis. Proven track record in leading teams, proposing scalable solutions and adapting methodologies that enhance revenue, data accuracy, and efficiency, while reducing costs. Exceptional project management acumen, coupled with a solid grasp of Agile methodologies. Seeking a challenging role to leverage deep understanding of business operations and advanced analytics tools to drive impactful, data-informed decisions. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Data Analyst, Waysia (Paris, France) 09/2021 - till now Spearheaded the design and implementation of KPI's to enhance customer measurement, optimized reports resulting in a 20% increase in customer retention and acquisition rates. Created interactive tableau dashboards that improved visibility into key performance metrics, facilitating a 25% improvement in strategic planning efficiency and adoption of data-driven insights among stakeholders. Leveraged statistical analysis and A/B testing to drive product decision-making, leading to a 12% boost in conversion rates and a 10% rise in product adoption. Liaised closely with data scientists and data engineers to develop and deploy data pipelines, machine learning models for demand forecasting and pricing optimization resulting in a 15% improvement in accuracy compared to BAU. Regularly monitored product performance and user behaviour, and guided junior analysts, fostering continuous improvement and playing a key role in delivering over 5 high-impact projects within tight deadlines. Developed customer segmentation models to identify and target high-value customer segments, improving customer retention rates by 14%. Cultivated strong cross-functional collaboration with product, sales, and operations teams, resulting in the seamless integration of data-driven customer insights into business strategies led to a 15% improvement in customer experience initiatives and a 10% enhancement in operational effectiveness. Research Graduate Assistant, Rennes school of Business (Rennes, France) 03/2020-03/2021 - Implemented LDA models in Python to identify key topics from a dataset of over 100,000 Agri FinTech research papers, achieving a 20% improvement in accuracy over prior methods. Collaborated with a team to refine NLP methods, increasing the efficiency of topic modeling by 30%. Incorporated data visualization tools Tableau and matplotlib to present results of topic modeling analyses in a clear and concise manner, facilitating better decision making for stakeholders. Data Analyst, Trillion IT Services (Hyderabad, India) 09/2017-08/2019 Conducted extensive market research to identify industry trends and opportunities for improvement, significantly contributing to a notable 10% enhancement in Marketing ROI. Retained 20+ affiliates with the help of predictive models and boosted stakeholder's engagement activity by 7%. Executed data-driven strategies leading to a significant 15% boost in digital media sales. Established and tracked key performance indicators (KPIs), ensuring a steady 18% improvement in digital sales through the utilization of Tableau. Managed large amounts of unstructured and semi-structured data and prepared relevant ad-hoc reports in a well-organized manner. EDUCATION Masters in Data & Business Analytics / Rennes School of Business, France 09/2019 - 06/2021 Bachelors in Computer Science / SRM University, India 08/2013 - 06/2017 SKILLS LANGUAGES Python, SQL, PostgreSQL Statistics, ENGLISH - Full Working Proficiency ETL, Big Query, Data Analysis, DBT FRENCH - Limited Working Proficiency Tableau, Power BI, Looker, Market Analytics, Product Analytics, Customer Analytics, Project Management, MS Excel, VBA, Git Jira, Monday, Confluence, SharePoint, Agile