Or Karie orkarie@gmail.com +33768269015/+972543131423 Paris https://www.linkedin.com/in/or-karie-14604116a/ I am a dynamic analyst with proven experience in data-driven decision-making and cross-functional collaboration. With a strong foundation in operational strategy and a keen eye for process optimization, I have a passion for delivering actionable insights that enhance customer satisfaction and improve business efficiency. Driven by a deep desire to make a positive impact, I am particularly interested in leveraging my skills to promote a sustainable economy. Excels independently and as a collaborative team member, effectively communicating findings and leveraging collective expertise to drive data-informed decision-making. Experience Product Analyst, PubPlus, 2022 - 2023 PubPlus is a revenue attribution solution that helps publishers maximize distribution, ad spend, revenue, and user engagement. Collaborated with cross-functional teams (product, R&D, operations) to identify and resolve strategic issues and bottlenecks. Analyzed complex data using mainly SQL and Tableau to provide insights that improved decision-making across departments Coordinated B2B and B2C strategies to align product offerings with customer needs, driving business growth. Developed new data interpretation and automation tools, facilitating efficient workflows across departments. Traffic Acquisition Analyst, PubPlus, 2020 - 2021 Led a team of media buyers, overseeing creative development, strategy, and ROI analysis for reader acquisition campaigns. Collaborated closely with R&D and product teams to drive improvements and implement automation processes. Track, and report on paid traffic performance, user behavior, and lead attribution. Traffic Acquisition Analyst (Part-Time), PubPlus, 2019 - 2020 Managed campaigns across multiple channels and platforms during after-hours, optimizing performance and driving traffic. Researcher and Analyst, Wikistrat, 2018 - 2019 Conducted in-depth research and analysis for a crowdsourced consultancy, applying strong project management skills in a self-directed environment. Projects Teachers Day - Project Manager, 2019 Managed operations for a large-scale event focused on teacher appreciation. Coordinated logistics, ensured smooth execution, and contributed to the overall success of the event. aChord Institute - Data Analyst, 2024 Performed independent data analysis using R to extract insights and generate comprehensive reports. Delivered key findings and actionable conclusions to support the institute's social research efforts. Education B.A. in Integrated Program for Outstanding Students in Philosophy, Economics, Political Science & Law (PPE), Tel Aviv University, 2017-2020 (GPA: 91). Graduate, Tsinghua International Summer School, International Relations Track, Tsinghua University, Beijing, 2019. Graduate, Globalization Program, Environmental Management and Sustainable Development Specialization, Venice International University (VIU), 2019. Psychometric Test Score: 754/800 (top 1%), 2015. Matriculation Certificate Majored in Physics, Social Science, Mathematics & English, The Hebrew Reali School, 2008-2010. Skills Proficient in SQL, R, Excel, Tableau, GoogleSheet, Kibana and Grafana for data analysis and visualization. Ability to work closely with various teams and lead projects. Strong analytical thinking and problem-solving abilities. Excellent work ethic, high motivation, and attention to detail. Effective communication skills, both verbal and written. Presentation skills to deliver data-driven insights and reports. Languages Hebrew (Native) English (Fluent C1) French (Beginner A2)