Emilio +44 7494345311 Carrion Ruiz emilio.carrionruiz@hotmail.com INSIGHTS AND ANALYTICS MANAGER 70 Clover Rise, RG54WL, Woodley, UK CGMA Adv Dip MA Skills About Me Programming Languages I'm a passionate analytics professional with over 10 years of multinational experience working for market leaders across several industries. SQL (8/10) Dual experience: Finance and HR Power BI DAX (8/10) Insight driven, detail focused VBA (8/10) Team player and motivator Python (6/10) Multicultural, worked in 3 countries Data / Visualization I'm looking for a new challenge to leverage my skills and facilitate effective business decision making. MS Excel (9.5/10) Statistical Analysis (9/10) Work Experience Power BI (8/10) Ms Access (8/10) Google Cloud Platform (8/10) June 2022 Present | Insights and Analytics Manager I Virgin Media 02 Anaplan (8/10) Reading United Kingdom Tableau (7/10) Orgvue (7/10) 4 Direct Reports. Reporting to Head of Insights and Analytics. Key Responsibilities are to: Looker (5/10) Qlikview (5/10) Develop insight led strategies and actions, working with in-house tools and resources as well as with external partners. Leverage industry knowledge to develop consultative analytics for internal stakeholders aimed at finding OPEX and CAPEX opportunities HR Information Systems and helping to meet corporate financial targets. Support the delivery of the People Insights and Analytics department strategy by understanding, interpreting, and responding to the Workday (8/10) people business intelligence requirements. Oracle Hcm (8/10) Set best practices in the team and lead on financial governance, process and delivery excellence. Success Factors (7/10) Business Objects (7/10) Major achievements to date as project technical lead: Project Management Post merger (Virgin Media / 02) synergy transformation finance project. Responsible for legacy entities / merged entity cost and FTE tracking vs budget. Stakeholder Management (9/10) Senior leadership and operational engagement lead. c£12m savings p.a through workforce transformation. Agile Management (9/10) Jira (8/10) July 2017 May 2022 I Senior People Insights Analyst Virgin Media 02 Reading United Kingdom Engagement Provide insightful and accurate analysis, predictive financial modelling and recommendations highlighting and formulating trend analyses Willis Towers Watson (9/10) and related business-specific insights to support overall strategy. Medallia (9/10) Quantification of engagement impact on operational performance for Field Tech population and identification of key drivers. c£2.5m potential revenue identified. Education Respond within fixed service levels to ad-hoc financial data and analytical requests as and when required. Create, maintain, and ensure quality assurance of key business resources data sets, reports, and metrics acting as a key point of contact for the resolution of insight queries. Master's Degree I 2020 Present CIMA Dip MA CIMA Adv Dip MA Major achievements to date as data lead and project coordinator: Chartered Institute of Management Accounting Contact Centres. c£500k savings p.a. from OPEX savings project and 5% reduction of early attrition and absence within 12 months. Master's Degree I 2011 Direct Sales: c£750k savings p.a. from OPEX savings project. International Business and Economic Development 1st Class Distinction June 2014 June 2017 I Financial Data Analyst | Domino's Pizza UK Henley Business School I Reading UK Camberley United Kingdom Bachelor of Arts 2009 Responsible for KPI reporting development and tracking across different brands (Domino's, Chosen Bun and Poncho8) for Business Administration and Management Regional /Area Managers, Head of departments, CEO and shareholders. 1st Class Distinction This included financial metrics (Sales, CAPEX, OPEX, ROI) and non-financial (NPS, eNPS, attrition, absence and engagement). Universidad de Granada I Granada Spain P&L reporting at Group, Regional, Area and Store level. Creation of Group Finance reporting standards using SAGE BI tools. Finance lead for store bonus scheme design and external audit support activities. Bachelor of Arts 2008 Business Development: competitor, benchmarking analysis. Liaise with Business Intelligence Team to improve financial and customer Business Administration and Management related data efficiency and accuracy. 2.1 Class Distinction Contact point for design/implementation /set up of new reporting tools (Tableau). Northumbria Business School Newcastle UK August 2011 July 2014 I Junior Financial Data Analyst I Betclic Everest Group London United Kingdom Languages - Operational Performance Reporting, producing a wide range of reports for country managers, Head of departments, CEO and shareholders on a daily, weekly, monthly and ad-hoc basis. Spanish Mother Tongue Development and support of different projects, including the design of a Data Warehouse. First point of contact for database training. English Mastery / C2 Level Design Support and Management of SSRS/SSAS systems, providing a wide range of bespoke reports for all departments. French Intermediate / B1 Level Management Dashboard. Development of first ever report on company's history covering its performance in all areas and providing a Portuguese Elementary / A1 Level complete analysis of figures along with future recommendations. Contributed to an estimated additional customer revenue of £c2.5m p.a. May 2009 June 2010 I Audit Associate Deloitte Other Interests Madrid Spain SOPL, SOFP, SOCIE and statement of cash flow analysis. Entrepreneurship Audit report creation, ensure compliance with relevant accounting standards and provide an accurate assessment of the financial Sports performance of the different companies audited. History & Geography Integrated reporting. Non-Financial assessment of company strategy, governance, performance and prospects. Travelling with my family August 2008 May 2009 | Market Researcher IPEX Europe B.V. Enter Holland Market Researcher in branch organisation, product certification, competitive market, trade journals and purchase behaviour. Customer Service Advisor.