Joyce Pascale Tchamdjou Paris, France inkedin.com/in/joyce-pascale-tchamdjou joycepascale.tchamdjou@gmail.com +33(0)660818252 EXPERIENCE Framatome Apr 2022 - * Data Scientist La Défense, France Contributed to the betterment and deployment of a solution, powering computer vision models and statistical analysis to detect corrosion in factories through CCTV, from 80% to 90% of accuracy. Improved productivity in factories by x2 by streamlining the processing of data using SQL, Python, and Power BI to display real-time parameters. Performed transfer learning on a ResNet model to enhance black-spot detection in scanned documents, resulting in a streamlined review process and saving approximately 50 hours of manual inspection each month. Crafted an in-house tool, featuring image classification to facilitate analysis of conformity of end-of-fabrication reports through legibility and anomaly detection, which reached 90% of both accuracy and specificity. Extracted tabular data from ~500 scanned PDF reports using open-source Python library - Camelot, and reduced processing time by 50% through accurate formatting of only a fraction of the dataset. Inria Centre Lille Nord - Europe Jun 2021 - Aug 2021 Machine Learning Research Intern Lille, France Implemented a novel approach to ordinal embedding, in Python, based on comparison learning which led to higher-quality embeddings optimised for downstream ML tasks PROJECTS Academic Projects Increased Vallai's orders dataset size by 3x, through the generation of synthetic data using statistical methods. Compressed a neural network for images detection using quantization, resulting in decreasing its size by about 30% while maintaining performances. Contributed to Sciences 2024 research projects by conceiving, alongside with a 10-people team, a connected sensor to facilitate performance tracking of Paralympic runners, displayed on a webapp developed using PyQt. Passport Availability Notifications Designed a brand-new open-source AWS platform, sending notifications to Cameroonians based in Marseille of passports issuance, leading to 80% decrease in number of transits to the Consulate. Cameroonian Association Inventory Engineered a chat-interactive platform, mapping about 300 Cameroonian associations in France and featuring question- answering models and AWS solutions. EDUCATION ENSTA Paris - Palaiseau, France Sep 2019 - Dec 2022 Master of Science in Computer Science and Engineering, majoring in AI and Data Science Machine learning, Deep learning, Reinforcement learning, Statistical learning, Natural language processing, Markov models, Optimisation for Data Science, Constraint-satisfaction problems, Operations research, Predictive maintenance. National Advanced School of Engineering - Yaounde, Cameroon Sep 2016 - Aug 2019 Bachelor in Computer Science TECHNICAL SKILLS Programming languages: Python, R, Java Miscellaneous: SQL, Git, Shell, Latex, AWS, Power BI ML/AI: Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Scikit-Learn, Pytorch, Tensorflow, Keras, Spacy, OpenCV, PyQt LANGUAGES & INTERESTS Languages: French (Native speaker), English (C1+) Hobbies: Photography, Volleyball, Reading, Cooking, Swimming, Volunteering ACTIVITIES Student Tutor: Mentored 3 high-school students for three years in Mathematics and Physics, leading to an increase of average of about 2 points in each subject and overall performance. Enstagram Photographer: Photographed events gathering 200 to 1000 attendants like sport competitions, dinners, and galas.