Guillaume JAMEUX +33.6.03.92.17.03 guillaumejameux@gmail.com Work experiences Hosman - Data Scientist & Engineer Paris / May 2021 - today / CDI / Proptech - Implementing dbt to move from a pipeline based on BigQuery scheduled queries to a documented, collaborative, and robust system. - Implementing the CI/CD system and defining generic and specific tests. - Creation of data marts to cover the needs of the teams. For example, a mart for Hosman's P&L and a mart for tracking acquisition costs per campaign. - Technical specifications for developers to deploy connectors to collect data from accounting and HR software. - Use of the ETL tool Stitch to connect third-party tools and push raw data into BigQuery. - Analyses of pricing and our commercial zones using Google Sheets and MetaBase. - Classification of our users using Python with an agglomerative clustering model on Scikit-Learn. - Training business teams in data literacy and defining levels of access to reporting. - Sprint-based project management using Trello. Meero - Operations Analyst Paris / Jan. - June 2020 / Internship / B2B Platform for photographers - Integration of Aircall data with Amazon Redshift via the ETL tool Fivetran. - Use of SQL and Zapier to create an alerting system based on key thresholds. - Creation of reports on Looker to monitor compliance with operational processes. - Developed a pricing model using Google Sheets to maintain a 30% margin. Criteo - Sales Operations Analyst London / June - Nov. 2019 / Internship / Advertising and retargeting - Analysis of Criteo data via Excel and Tableau to formulate operational recommendations for sales business partners. - Definition of quarterly forecasts for the Northern Europe region (€31m revenues) in partnership with the FP&A team and sales business partners. Education MSc AI & Business Analytics Toulouse Business School / September 2017 - 2021 - Familiarity with the fundamentals of Big Data through an introduction to the different database structures (structured/unstructured) and the Hadoop framework. - Handling the different types of machine learning algorithms (Supervised, Unsupervised, Deep Learning). - Feedback from an NLP project (sentiment analysis, classification) on the Twitter database. Business Schools preparatory classes Lycée Saint Jospeh du Loquidy/September 2015 - 2017 - Preparation for the BCE and ECRICOME business schools' competitive entrance exams. Skills - Programming languages: SQL, Python, php, HTML / CSS, JavaScript - BI: Tableau, MetaBase, Looker - Databases: PostgreSQL, Redshift, BigQuery PostgreSQL, Redshift, BigQuery - Languages: French, native - English, bilingual