Yang XU www.linkedin.com/in/yang-xu-profile I yang.xu@essec.edu +33 06 60 08 97 40 Education ESSEC Business School Cergy, FRANCE Grande Ecole Program - Master in Management 2020 - 2023 ESSEC - Accenture Strategic Business Analytics Chair; Business Analytics Methods Track Courses: Big Data Analytics, Python Programming for Data Analysis, Business Intelligence, Database Management, Marketing Analytics, Website Creation, Principles of Finance, Financial Econometrics, Financial Markets, Supply Chain Management, etc. Professional Experiences Littlebigcode (consulting firm specialized in big data and Al) Paris, France Data Analyst on assignment at Servier and Pernod Ricard 2023/08 - present Servier (R&D department) 2024/05 - present Cleaned, structured and integrated data from multiple sources into databases of R&D on Google Cloud Platform using DBT (SQL). Transformed data on Google BigQuery and developed 5+ dashboards on PowerBI to monitor different projects in R&D, e.g. PnL, internal resources usage, tube management, etc. Conducted data auditing and improved data quality; contributed to metadata management and data cataloging. Collaborated closely with data engineering, data science and business team, prioritized items on roadmap in Agile method. Pernod Ricard 2023/08 - 2024/05 Contributed to Matrix, a Key Digital Project of omnichannel marketing: Established and maintained 10+ data pipelines of sales and omnichannel marketing data for 4 Asian markets using Databricks (python) and DBT (SQL) with high-quality codes. Developed and managed 10+ dashboards on Power BI; conducted analysis on cost and sales performance, and delivered insights. Conducted comprehensive sanity checks on data quality; fixed data discrepancy issues and largely improved data quality. Amazon Paris, France Business Intelligence Analyst Intern, Amazon Ads Department 2022/07 -2022/12 Led an online marketing attribution project in support of the go-to-market programs of EU Demand Generation team: Built scalable and easy-to-maintain ETLs in SQL to correlate sponsored ads performance (# of incremental active advertisers, ads revenue, etc.) with sponsored ads attributes (marketplaces, product types, multi-country ads, localization services, etc.). Created dashboards on Amazon QuickSight to visualize the ETLs outputs; analyzed results and provided business insights & recommendations to marketing managers; presented the dashboards to different teams, collected feedbacks and improved. Collaborated with data engineering & data science teams and participated in attributing the ads performance to marketing initiatives using machine-learning based attribution model. Took in charge of other data-related tasks: Automated and optimized the weekly business report (WBR) publishing process by creating workflows on Python. Solved data discrepancies by investigating sources datasets in ETLs, identifying root causes and proposing timely solutions. Spark.do (startup in digital marketing) Paris, France Data Analysis & Business Intelligence Intern 2021/09 - 2022/03 Conducted large-scale data analysis about online paid advertisements and SEO campaigns for 60+ clients using PostgreSQL. Created dashboards of performance KPIs (e.g. impressions, clicks, conversion rate, CPC, CPM, ROAS, etc.) on Metabase and provided preliminary insights for growth managers to facilitate decision-making. Created and implemented an overspend detection tool to alert and visualize high costs on ads campaigns. ESSEC - Accenture Strategic Business Analytics Chair Paris, France Data Consultant 2021/01 - 2021/06 Analyzed business model, conversion funnel and pricing strategy of a French start-up specialized in purchasing and reselling second-hand electronic products. Extracted, cleaned and structured partner's datasets using Python and SQL. Performed descriptive analysis in terms of product properties, prices and time series. Utilized machine-learning models in Dataiku to evaluate influential factors on conversion rate and price. Predicted future conversion rate and price with improved accuracy. Increased the estimated conversion rate by 0.6% and the annual revenue by €570k+ thanks to the improved pricing model. Won the 1st Prize of the ESSEC - Accenture Grand Jury Event (Best business case of the year 2020 - 2021). Projects & Activities Go-to-Market Data Analysis for Bolt (as part of Big Data Analytics course) Paris, France 2021/03 Analyzed the data of 300K+ orders placed on Uber Eats, Deliveroo and Just Eat to establish a go-to-market strategy of Bolt. Conducted data cleaning and performed analysis on time series, geography, pricing, promotions, etc. using Python; visualized results and proposed initial business recommendations. Charity Revenue Forecast (as part of Marketing Analytics course) Paris, France 2021/02 Performed demographic and behavioral analysis of donors of an NGO with 100K+ registered donors and 260K+ donations using SQL and R. Performed customer segmentations and built a predictive revenue model. Languages & Other Skills Languages: English: Fluent (GMAT: 710, TOEFL 107/120), French: Fluent (DALF C1), Chinese: Native speaker Coding: SQL: Advanced Python: Advanced R: Intermediate HTML, CSS & JavaScript: Intermediate VBA: Intermediate Platforms & Databricks, dbt, Snowflake, Google Cloud Platform, Tableau, Power BI, Git, JIRA, Google Cloud Platform, BigQuery, software: Google Analytics, Google Ads, Dataiku, Amazon Redshift, Amazon QuickSight, Salesforce Hobbies Chess: 15 years of practice. 3rd prize in a high school chess competition. Sports: Archery (since 2017), Climbing (since 2017)