ANASTASIA REMESNIK Data Analyst 06 22 38 631 @ nastya.rem526@gmail.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/aremesnik/ Paris EXPERIENCE SUMMARY Data Analyst Hello! HOMA I'm Anastasia, Data Analyst with 4 years of diverse 01/2023 03/2024 Paris, île-de-France, France On-site experience in consulting, video streaming, urban https://www.homagames.com/ mobility, social media apps and gaming HOMA is a gaming technology lab and a top promising French Tech startup that provides game creators with data-driven tools to turn gaming ideas into I love the journey of exploration. My goal is to commercial hits. As part of the Data Team, I worked on: question everything and make it simple. Core product support. Core Data Team project is an auto-bidding platform. I fully rebuilt monitoring system and adoption process which raised the trust to Apart from that, I'm an active sports lover. I the tool, brought simplicity and increased the usage by 30%; participate in marathons, organise bike trips, surfing, Cross-functional teams support. User Acquisition team switched to a full data climbing and hiking weekends Former professional automation with marketing campaigns management, KPIs monitoring, market figure skater This is what helps me to recharge and potential exploration; stay motivated:) Data Governance. Includes data validation from numerous data sources, cleaning, building data models for particular purposes, managing pipelines; EDUCATION New product launch support. Starting from accumulating all necessary data from raw sources, interviewing teams about their goals, building KPIs and Bachelor's degree, Economics monitoring Tableau dashboards. National Research University Higher School of Product Data Analyst Economics 09/2016 06/2020 Moscow Zenly HSE is one of the top universities in Russia and the 05/2022 12/2022 Paris, île-de-France, France leader in Eastern Europe in economics and https://www.zenly.com/ computer technologies. Zenly is a social app integrated into maps with 10M of users from all over the world SNAP announced closure of Zenly in the end of 2022. TECH STACK As part of cross-functional team, I worked on: Calculating the results of the total re-design of the app; Helping to find and fix core features errors; Python SQL dbt Airflow Product experiments and A/B tests; Building reporting dashboards with Amplitude and Tableau; Tableau Redshift GitHub Metabase Product Data Analyst Amplitude Citymobil 08/2021 04/2022 Moscow, Russia @ https://city-mobil.ru/ LANGUAGES Citymobil is the 2-nd biggest Russian urban mobility app, part of VK ecosystem, English offering taxi, car sharing, bike, scooter and delivery services. Fluent As part of the marketing analytics team, I worked on: Improving the model of accumulating and burning bonuses in the Loyalty French program with 18M users; Intermediate A/B testing with motivational mechanics; Russian Analyzing campaign performance and building marketing funnels; Native Segmenting the audience and performing user behaviour analysis; Supporting releases in the client app by building data monitoring in Tableau and presenting results; CERTIFICATION Research to find bottlenecks and fraud cases in the product. Date Engineer Product and Business Analyst Yandex Practicum ivi.ru Product Management Based on Analytics 09/2020 07/2021 Moscow, Russia GoPractice, Inc C https://www.ivi.tv/ IVI is the biggest multiplatform video streaming service with 60M of users in Russia.. As the only analyst on a strategic business unit KIDS, I worked on: Building Product Development Strategy and Costs Plan for the KIDS unit; Creating and presenting regular operational reporting for the Top management boards; Supporting marketing campaigns and product releases; Building Key metrics dashboards in Tableau and supporting releases.