Batoul Hasnaa DATA ANALYST Messiad With one year of experience as a Data Analyst and a background in teaching mathematics and computer science for five years, I bring a unique blend of analytical and problem-solving skills to the table. | thrive on simplifying complex data and actively listening to clients +33753477517 to develop creative solutions that align with their needs. My strong 6 place Henri Frenay 75012 Paris time management and organizational skills have consistently messiadbatoulhasnaa@gmail.com helped me achieve business goals. | am eager to further develop www.linkedin.com/in/batoul-messiad my expertise in data analysis. EXPERIENCE HARD SKILS Data Analyst Programmation: Python, Pandas, Numpy, sklearn. Atlas COPCO Sep 2023- Nov 2024 Data Visualisation: Power BI, Tableau, MatplotLib, Data Collection and Exploration: Collected, cleaned, and analyzed large Seaborn. datasets from various sources to uncover key business insights and support Machine Learning : Classification, Regression, decision-making. Sales Dashboards with Power BI: Designed and developed interactive Clustering, text-meaning, Scikit-learn. dashboards to visualize sales performance, trends, and KPIs. Utilized Power Big data: PySpark, Microsoft Azure. BI Query Editor and DAX (Data Analysis Expressions) for advanced Data Base: SQL, MySQL. calculations and data modeling. Machine Learning for Predictive Modeling: Applied machine learning EDUCATION algorithms, including Random Forest and Gradient Boosting, to develop statistical models aimed at improving sales forecasting and business Linkedln LEARNING Mars 2023 outcomes. Collaboration & Reporting: Worked closely with cross-functional teams to Master Dashboards and Data Viz in Power BI 11H provide actionable insights through detailed reporting and regular data- Master how to design visuals and charts with Power BI. driven presentations. Master the best practices of creating data dashboards. Learn programming skills for creating data visualizations. Data Analyst Développer une solution big data avec Azure 4H Datascientest Project Nov 2022 Creation of Big Data project with Azure technologies: loT Data Analysis project 50H Hub, Stream Analytics and Machine Learning Service. Objective: Predict video game sales and using computer vision algorithms. Datascientest I Nov 2022 Study How some publishers have managed to dominate the market over the past 10 years. Data Analyst international Course Content: Diploma co-certified by MINES ParisTech PSL Data preparation end exploratory (Jupiter). 300H Web-scrapping and data collect (Selenium/Beautifu Soup) Data Visualisation. 250 hours of classes: Modeling : Dimensional Réduction + Machine Learning (Use of basic and ensemble model with Grid Search for the best hyperparameters). ->Data Analysis : Python, Exploratory statistics >Data visualisation Matplotlib, Seaborn. ->Machine Learning : Scikit-learn, PySpark, Regression. Maths and Computer Science tutor ->Web Scraping : Beautiful Soup, Selenium. ECO-CAMPUS DU BATIMENT -PARIS- 20-2022 Course and pedagogical content creation Database SQL. Teaching maths and computer science. Exams and tests preparation and correction. 50 hours Project: >Analysis of video game sales dataset ( Estimate the Computer Science teacher worldwide sales of video games ) ENS University center Constantine-Algeria- 2017-2018 Algorithmia and Programming (in python and C++). Preparation and correction of tests and examinations. UFR-MIM Lorraine University Sep 2019 Master's degree (Metz-France) SOFT SKILS Research on fundamental and applied Mathematics Good communicator, skilled at explaining complex concepts. ENS Ecole Normale Supérieure Sep 2017 Open-minded, problem-solving. Master's degree (Constantine-Algeria) Team spirit. Didactics of Mathematics Love to learn and mentor others. LANGUAGES HOBBIES Drawing and video creation. English (fluent). personal growth French (Native). Arabic (Native).