{le-de-France,Noisy Le Grand, France +33 678178382 oussama.missaoui201@gmail.com Oussama Missaoui, Data Engineer Employment History Data Engineer at SNCF Réseau, paris June 2023 - Present Designed and implemented robust ETL pipelines using Delta Lake to efficiently ingest, transform, and cleanse raw data from diverse APIs, ensuring ACID compliance for data integrity. Automated data ingestion tasks into the Delta Lake storage layer using PySpark, AWS Glue ETL, and AWS Glue Catalog. Fine-tuned Apache Spark jobs, implementing performance optimizations for Delta Lake, optimized resource utilization, and minimized execution time for enhanced data processing efficiency on AWS infrastructure. Leveraged a serverless architecture with AWS Step Functions, AWS Lambda, and EventBridge to orchestrate end-to-end data workflows. Led the migration of a version of Delta Lake tables into Redshift using AWS Glue Catalog and Redshift Spectrum, ensuring a seamless transition while maintaining data accuracy and integrity. Created and maintained comprehensive documentation for data pipelines, workflows, and processes. - AWS, AWS Glue, AWS Step Functions, AWS Lambda, SageMaker, S3, Athena, Python, SQL, PySpark, EventBridge, Redshift, AWS Glue Catalog, Delta Lake Big Data Engineer - Developer at BNP Paribas Asset Management, Paris June 2022 - June 2023 Contribute in design, tooling and architecture of the ingestion engine. Prototyping and building ETL pipelines ingesting daily large volume of raw CSV data stored in HDFS and dumping the refined and aggregated results into parquet format more compatible with delta lake architecture Worked on metadata management strategies ,allowing data tracking and efficient back-fill in case of failures. Packaging python/pyspark dependencies and jobs. Creating E2E/unittests for pyspark jobs, ensure high code coverage. Creating build/deployment CI/CD pipelines with azure-devops, automating unittests publishing artifacts , test results and code quality reports - python/pyspark, pytest, spark streaming, azure-devops ,HDFS "Apache airflow, Apache Drill, Apache Kafka, SonarQube, Nexus, Artifactory Data Engineer at Branded, Paris January 2021 - May 2022 Collaborate with business/data analysts and product owners to understand business needs and define sprint goals Building ETL data pipelines to ingesting data from different API's (amazon Sp API, rainforest API...) with Apache beam and Apache Airflow into GCS and Bigquery. Maintained and optimized existing pipelines Define and implement SLAs, alert rules, slack and email notifications intervene in case of failures Data modeling and consolidation of raw data using dbt (partitioned tables, materialized views, Macros ,incremental models ...) . Data quality monitoring (data freshness, completeness, QA reports), implementation of monitoring dashboards and definition of evaluation KPIs that helped reduce data downtime and perform root cause analysis . Automation of manual tasks via python scripts and Gilab-ci jobs . - Apache Airflow ,Dbt, Bigquery, Apache Beam, GCP, GCS, Dataflow, Python ,SQL,Cloud functions, Terraform ,Cloud monitoring, Cloud composer, Data Studio, git/gitlab, Docke Education Masters degree in signal and image processing, Université du Littoral Côte d'Opale, Calais September 2019 - September 2020 General Engineering, Ecole Nationale d'Ingénieurs de Sousse September 2016 - July 2019 Links linkedin Key Technologies AWS Google Cloud Platform and Tools Python SQL Apache Spark Apache Airflow Dbt Bigquery azure-devops Gitlab-ci Docker Linux/Unix Terraform Postgresql Languages English Highly proficient Certifications AWS Certified Data Engineer Associate AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner (CLF) Google Cloud Professional Data Engineer Certification HashiCorp Certified: Terraform Associate (003) Confluent Certified Developer for Apache Kafka Databricks Certified Data Engineer Associate Databricks Certified Data Engineer Professional