Selim Le Strat +33 6 03 04 04 82 selimcls@gmail.com Paris Summary Strategic and analytical Key Account Manager with 8 years of experience in managing high-value partnerships, driving sales, and leveraging data-driven insights to enhance business outcomes. Experience Parental Leave I 10/2023 - Present Deliveroo I Paris Key Account Manager / Commercial Analyst I 10/2020 - 09/2023 Managed strategic partnerships with leading QSR brands (McDonald's, Burger King, KFC), driving €2M weekly GMV and improving customer satisfaction by 60% through targeted data analysis and relationship management. Developed interactive dashboards (SQL, Looker) for real-time tracking of key performance metrics and marketing campaign budgets (€3M), providing valuable insights for 50 partner brands. Conducted high-level architecture assessments and implemented predictive models to forecast demand, boosting off- peak sales by 30%. Collaborated closely with C-suite executives to influence strategic decision-making, aligning digital transformation goals with operational improvements. Led cross-functional teams to deliver data-driven business solutions, ensuring alignment with partner objectives and increasing operational efficiency. Created performance dashboards to monitor KPIs and ensure delivery of high-impact recommendations. Deliveroo Paris Account Manager I 10/2019 - 09/2020 Managed a portfolio of high-value restaurant partners, generating €250K/week GMV, and implemented strategies to optimize performance using data insights. Collaborated with internal teams and external stakeholders to launch virtual brands, contributing to market expansion and revenue growth. Analyzed partner usage of Deliveroo's services, identifying key operational improvements to increase engagement and profitability. Negotiated and managed high-value contracts, ensuring maximum profitability while enhancing partner satisfaction and engagement. Atelier Amelot Paris Business Manager I 12/2015 - 05/2019 Led business operations for a leading textile-printing company, achieving over 20% annual growth. Managed strategic partnerships with clients such as Galeries Lafayette and Citadium. Optimized production processes through data analysis, reducing costs by 15% and improving delivery times by 30%. Built and maintained strong relationships with corporate customers, successfully negotiating high-value deals and overseeing team performance. Skills Python, SQL, Looker, Salesforce, GSheets, Agile Methodology, Cross-Functional Team Leadership, MEDDIC Education Coursera X University at Buffalo Data-Driven Decision Making Certification 10/2024 DataScientest X Mines ParisTech PSL I Paris Data Analyst Certification I 12/2022 ESCP Business School I Paris Master in Management and Entrepreneurship 12/2017