EBAGNITCHIE DATA CHARLES - EMMANUEL ANALYST CONTACT PROFILE I am a motivated Data Analyst with a solid foundation in model analysis and +33 6 27 85 47 47 statistical modeling. My goal is to find a challenging position that allows me to use my expertise to solve complex problems and drive organizational growth. I possess cebagnitchie@gmail.com a deep passion for lifelong learning and skill development, coupled with meticulous attention to detail. Paris, France PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE SKILLS Assistant Data, Analytics and EPM Project Manager Data Analysis Toils utilised : GCP,Dataiku,SQL,SSIS,QLIKSense,JIRA,API GIVENCHY 10/2023 - Present Python Programming Orchestration of the evolution of database projects, with significant improvement in the optimization of data management and the refinement of Machine Learning recommendation systems via Dataiku. Statistical Modeling Pioneer in the design and deployment of innovative solutions for database expansion, using SQL and SSIS for robust and operational improvements. Data Visualization Manage the development of a QLIK application by planning the release into production, facilitating the visualization of the team's production levels through Big Data Technologies JIRA. EDUCATION Responsible for API integrations for ticket extraction, creation of models for data structuring, and conversion of complex data into intuitive KPIs for effective Master en Artificial Intelligence & strategic monitoring. Development of data analysis skills within the team Management through QLIK training, strengthening the team's autonomy and monitoring I.A School performance. 2022 2023 Developped a strong foundation in analytical thinking and technical problem solving, with a Data Consultant strong emphasis on mathematical rigor and Utilised Tools : Python, DBT, SQL, Power BI computational efficiency. Talan Solutions 02/2023 - 10/2023 Driving optimization of DBT code for data transformation and analysis via SQL, significantly improving data quality and insight generation, while designing License en Mathématiques & advanced data pipelines and models in SQL/DBT, integrating Power BI for Informatique superior data visualization and enhanced decision support. University Lyon 1 - Claude Bernard Promoting data integrity and discovering actionable insights through expert application of Power BI in data visualization and analysis, contributing to better 2017 2021 strategic decision-making. Developped a strong foundation in analytical thinking and technical problem solving, with a strong emphasis on mathematical rigor and Data Scientist computational efficiency. Utilised Tools : Python, SQL, Power BI, Google Data Studio Kaydan Group 05/2022 - 12/2022 Built, using Python and R, several statistical models and perform behavioral LANGUAGES analyses. This has helped improve business strategies and better understand customer preferences. French Using these insights, we facilitated collaboration between teams and improved English decision-making. Refinement of datasets with rigorous cleaning and pre- processing, contributing to accurate predictive analytics and implementation of machine learning models. Spanish