Marianne CHAHWAN 11Bis rue beaugrenelle, 75015 Paris, France +33 6 99 78 95 26 mariannechahwane@gmail.com Marianne Chahwan Canadian, Lebanese EDUCATION 2018 - 2019 Master's Degree in Transportation and Sustainable Development École des Ponts ParisTech - Paris, France In Partnership with Mines ParisTech and Ecole Polytechnique Granted the Renault Foundation Scolarship 2013 - 2018 Engineer's Degree in Civil Engineering École supérieure des ingénieurs de Beyrouth - Saint Joseph University, Beirut, Lebanon WORK EXPERIENCE February 2022 Present Senior Mobility Data Consultant - Hove (a subsidiary of Keolis Group), Paris, France Managed transportation projects for both operators and authorities in France and abroad, coordinating with interdisciplinary tech teams. Analyzed and processed mobility data from various sources, developing analytical methods and algorithms with SQL to structure and interpret complex datasets effectively. Developed and implemented data visualization and reporting tools, turning data into actionable insights. Held the role of Product Owner for a mobility observatory platform, defining its product strategy and roadmap to align with evolving market needs. Coordinated project workflows and documentation using Jira and Confluence, enhancing team collaboration, project tracking and agile management. January 2020 - January Transportation Engineer - Egis, Paris, France 2022 Conducted technical analysis, qualitative/quantitative evaluation and research to support transportation pro- jects. Contributed to a wide range of urban transportation planning and policy projects, including the planning and design of urban transit systems, the integration of new mobility solutions, traffic and parking forecasting and modeling, strategic planning at regional and metropolitan levels, and the development of multimodal transportation master plans. Worked on financial and economic evaluation of transportation projects, using econometric modeling, socio- economic assessments, and cost-benefit analyses, combined with forecasting techniques, to determine pro- ject viability and forecast success. Led workshop sessions with clients and stakeholders of mobility. Produced commercial and technical proposals in response to public tenders. June - December 2019 Business Development Internship - Transdev, Paris, France Researched and analyzed the transportation market in the Middle East and Africa, identifying potential growth opportunities, strategic partners, and avenues for business expansion. Organized business meetings with prospective and potential clients to increase the company's presence in the region, and prepare for future projects. Participated in submitting bids for urban transport projects in response to tender calls. Summer 2017 Training in the Project Management and Contracts Department - Dar al Handasah, Beirut, Lebanon Assisted in project planning, including cost estimation through preparing detailed Bills of Quantities (BOQs) and conducting feasibility studies. Utilized Primavera for project scheduling and management. Evaluated bids submitted by tender applicants. SKILLS Language Fluently write and speak English, French and Arabic, Beginner in Spanish Technical Skills Project Management Tools: Primavera, Jira, Confluence Version Control Git Geographic Information Systems (GIS): ArcGIS, QGIS Transport Planning and Traffic Simulation: PTV Visum, VISSIM Office Productivity Tools: Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Data Analysis Skills Data Visualization: Tableau, Power BI Data Processing and Analysis: SQL, Python, R Big Data Analytics: Databricks Database Management: PostgreSQL, PostGIS