Vaibhav Chhabra Senior Product Analyst, Spain vaibhavchhabra2030@gmail.com +34697408642 Linkedin I am a highly skilled Data Analyst with 9 years of experience in customer-centric products, including Candy Crush Saga, Expedia, and Home Credit, serving over 100M users. I am deeply passionate about developing products that solve problems at scale I specialize in customer insights, segmentation, A/B testing, KPI definition, storytelling, and stakeholder management. I am proficient in data transformation, statistical computing, and data visualization, with a strong ability to translate complex datasets into understandable and actionable insights for senior management, impacting strategic decisions. I am known for his curiosity and proactive creation of insights, consistently taking end-to-end ownership of analytical projects. I am also a mentor for junior to mid-level team members, fostering growth and innovation within the team. Experience Product Data Scientist at Microsoft (King Games- Candy Crush), Barcelona Oct 2022 Aug 2024 Designed and evaluated an end to end strategic A/B testing experimentation initiative for Candy Crush Saga, innovating reward transformation to enhance revenue and engagement KPIs that achieved a 0.9% increase in advertisement revenue (USD 3M annually) and 0.8% increase in DAU. This involved immense cross functional partnership (Marketing, Product Manager, Engineering, Data Engineering UX,UI) and stakeholder management. Pioneered data-driven matchmaking enhancements in Candy Crush Saga, targeting price-sensitive regions, which amplified user engagement by 1.2% and bolstered annual ad revenue gains by 1%, totaling USD 3M. Performed deep dive reporting on main user cohorts to make reward reduction for mid progression users to increase game competitiveness and engagement by 3%. Lead Data Analytics Consultant at Neoris Consulting, Gurgaon Dec 2021 Sep 2022 Directed and guided a team of data analysts and scientists to streamline data pipelines(Airflow) and analysis processes, resulting in a 30% increase in efficiency and a 20% reduction in data-related errors. Proactively sought new analytics initiatives for undiscovered business growth drivers. Involved in collaboration with external stakeholders. Delivered actionable insights and craft persuasive narratives that drive key decision-making at the C executive level. Product Data Scientist at Expedia Group, Gurgaon Jan 2020 Dec 2021 Pioneered the Covid-19 responsive pricing strategy at Egencia, leading a cross-functional team in the development and implementation of personas and customer segments by employing statistics and machine learning modeling (K means clustering) for consumer behavior analysis. This strategic initiative provided immense customer value and significantly increased retention and enhanced our Key Performance Indicators achieving a notable 0.8% uplift in gross booking value Assistant Analytics Manager, Product at Home Credit Aug 2018 Sep 2019 Lead a comprehensive analytical strategy for a strategic alliance with a top-tier Telecom brand, directing a dedicated team of analysts. We made effective 2% improvement in borrowed loan amounts. Collaborated with product and business leaders to shape the analytics strategy, driving key initiatives focused on customer acquisition, engagement, and increased retention rate. Lead Data Analyst, Product at Centre for Development of Advanced Computing, Noida Sep 2015 Jul 2017 Developed and implemented strategic solutions for Government of India by using Scripting Languages(SQL) and Tableau to streamline business processes, leading to a 20% increase in workflow efficiency. Conducted bi-weekly sprints and strategizing ad hocs and analytical deliveries and recommendations. Collected, analyzed and performed ETL on data from various analytics platforms. Ensured data governance, and analysis quality. Skills Machine Learning Apache Airflow Amplitude Bigquery SQL Google Analytics Stakeholder Management AB testing Product Strategy Monday.com Python Looker Statistical Inference Google Analytics Education Birla Institute of Technology, Ranchi, India 2012 Bachelor of Computer Science Engineering