Seyed Morteza MORTAZAVI DATA ANALYST Passionate Data Analyst with 5+ years of experience in data analysis and market research. Proven record of quantitative skills, demonstrated by conducting market research, saving over 20,000 euros per month for the company. Proficient in SQL, Excel, and Power BI. Seeking opportunities to apply analytical expertise and agile mindset to drive growth through data-driven strategies. SKILLS WORK EXPERIENCE Business analysis Power BI Marketing Analyst Assistant April 2024 Advanced Microsoft Excel L'Oreal Lux, Paris, France SQL Create dashboards for data visualization and market analysis. Data visualization Monitoring sales performance and reporting KPIs created from big datasets. Dashboard creation Extracting, and cleaning data from multiple databases, and data modeling. Google Analytics Digital Marketing Analyst Assistant Agile Project Management with JIRA Ecommerce Nation, Caen, France April 2023- Sep 2023 Market Research Analyze Website traffic and optimize conversion rates. Writing SEO articles and keyword research. Conversion Analysis and optimization Review, refine, and update all website content. Shareholders communication Acquiring more than 22,000 visits within 6 months and still counting Appearance on the first page of Google with more than 60 keywords CERTIFICATS Growth Product Manager Sep 2021- Sep 2022 Microsoft Power BI Data Analyst Iranserver, Mashhad, Iran Professional Certificate Used SQL and Excel to gather and analyze data to identify development priorities Microsoft Analyzed consumer's data to develop strategic insights for user experience Business Analytics with Excel improvements and innovation in products. Johns Hopkins University Present information to lead data-driven decision-making. Saved 20,000 euros of monthly loss by conducting market research. Data Visualization Advanced Excel PWC Online course Digital Marketing Supervisor Aug 2020- Aug 2021 Kasbokar, Mashhad, Iran SQL Essential Training NASBA Online course Analyzed return on investment of online and social media marketing efforts Conducted and analyzed surveys to Extract KPIs like NPS Business Analysis Foundations Achieved increasing online sales to more than 3 physical shops. PMI Online course Product Data Analyst Google Analytics Jul 2019-Aug 2020 Google Academy Kasbokar, Mashhad, Iran Analysed user and interaction data to identify patterns, trends, and insights. Provided actionable insights and recommendations to stakeholders based on CONTACT data analysis to drive product improvements. +33-07-52-07-72-03 Market Research Analyst Jan 2018- may 2019 mortazavi.smrt@gmail.com Yaran, Mashhad, Iran Paris, France Analyzed market data and introduced a new market with a minimum product modifications. in Seyed-Morteza-Mortazavi LANGUAGE EDUCATION English (Fluent) IAE Caen French (Intermediate) Sep 2022- Aug 2024 Persian (Native) Master of International Management & Commerce- Track: French & American, Caen, France 16.15 Grade REFERENCES Shahrood University Sep 2015- July 2017 Nicolas Chevalier from ECN Master of Business Administration, 19.03 Grade nicolas@ecommerce-nation.fr Lise Keller from Lengow Birjand University Sep 2009- Aug 2014 lise.keller@lengow.com Bachelor's degree of electrical engineering, Birjand, Iran