Lekhansh Data Analyst tyagi.lekhansh@gmail.com +33781620202 19 Square de la Brave Margot, Evry, France (Willing to relocate) https://www.linkedin.com/in/lekhansh-375789ab/ https://github.com/Lekhansh-cmd https://medium.com/@tyagi.lekhansh Results-driven Data Analyst with over 5 years of experience in data analysis and business intelligence EDUCATION within tech environments. Skilled in SQL, Python, and data visualization tools (Tableau, Power BI) to derive actionable insights and optimize marketplace dynamics. Proven track record of designing KPIs Telecom SudParis, Institut and conducting exploratory analyses that drive business performance. Polytechnique de Paris MSc (BAC+5) in Data Science and PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Network Intelligence 2022 - 2024 Evry, France Internship - End of Studies Renault Group Amity University Mar 2023 - Sep 2023 Gaillon-Aubevoye, France Bachelors of Technology in Accomplished a 20% improvement in operational efficiency by delivering four software versions, Electrical and Electronics optimizing code reusability, and resolving critical issues through developing and debugging software Engineering solutions using Python. 2012 - 2016 Enhanced database performance and accuracy by improving high-volume database operations through collaboration with the thematic testing and validation team and leveraging Elastic Search to SKILLS resolve tool-related challenges. Conducted exploratory data analysis on the car's thermal test and validation datasets, leading to Microsoft Office identifying trends that informed product development and marketing strategies. Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook Senior Analyst - Google Databases Vaco Binary Semantics LLP BigQuery, MySQL Mar 2021 - Jul 2022 Achieved a 25% increase in operational efficiency by optimizing ad delivery systems through leading Data Visualization / Business the 'Feed Management' project on the Google Cloud Platform. Intelligence Tools Maintained a 99% precision rate in data accuracy by analyzing terabytes of large e-commerce Looker, Power BI, Tableau, datasets using BigQuery and Google Analytics. Metabase Boosted business performance metrics by 20% within the first six months by deploying and customizing BI tools like Looker and Tableau to create insightful reporting. Programming Languages Delivered 30+ presentations to Google clients, effectively communicating insights and strategies that Python, R enhanced client engagement and decision-making. Cloud Data Analyst - Google Google Cloud Platform, Azure Vaco Binary Semantics LLP Google Stack Sep 2018 - Mar 2021 Spreadsheets, Docs, Google Improved data visualization and storytelling for effective monitoring and reporting by developing and Analytics, AdWords maintaining interactive dashboards using Looker and Power BI. Achieved a 95% accuracy rate in meeting client requirements by leading data collection, Version Control interpretation, and modeling efforts. Git Increased decision-making efficiency by 10% by collaborating with cross-functional teams to translate business needs into data-driven strategies. Soft Skills Attention to Detail, Leadership, Associate Analyst - Google Analytical, Teamwork, Problem- Vaco Binary Semantics LLP Solving Sep 2018 - Mar 2019 Generated actionable business insights by processing, cleaning, and verifying large datasets, which LANGUAGES informed strategic decisions. Enhanced user experience by 25% by analyzing user feedback and driving improvements, leading to English increased customer satisfaction. C2 Conducted comprehensive market research to analyze industry trends and competitive landscapes, informing product strategy and enhancing customer satisfaction by 20%. French B2 Technical Process Executive - Google eTouch A Virtusa Company CERTIFICATES Aug 2016 - Aug 2018 Oversaw data-driven web page analysis and reporting using Power BI and enhanced team efficiency Databricks by coordinating a team of 26 individuals. Databricks Lakehouse Processed and cleansed millions of data points, improving data quality and reliability by 95%, leading Fundamentals Accreditation to enhanced analytical outcomes for Google Ads. Dataiku PROJECTS Core Designer Virtual Internship at Accenture - Social Buzz Data Analysis Project Tableau Desktop 10 Jul 2024 Big Data Hadoop and Spark Cleaned and merged seven datasets, identifying the top 5 content categories by popularity scores Developer through comprehensive data modeling. Conducted data cleaning by removing missing values, adjusting data types, and eliminating irrelevant columns to ensure accuracy. Created visualizations, including a pie chart of top categories and a bar chart of monthly posts, offering actionable insights into content performance trends.