CONTACT +33 6 13 31 89 01 DAVID dchaucayanqui@outlook.com Courbevoie 92400, France CHAUCAYANQUI in inkedin.com/in/davidchaucayanqui/ SENIOR DATA ANALYST ABOUT MI EDUCATION I am a certified data science professional with a finance background and over 4 Le Wagon, France - 02/2024 to 06/2024 years of experience. I excel at aligning organizations with their clients. I am a story Data Science - Certified on June 2024 teller who speaks data to boost customer acquistion, reduce churn, increase business performance visibility, and support data-driven decision making. As a Université Paris 1, France project manager, I have experience with Jira, fostering cross-functional Master in Financial Technology collaboration, and applying Agile methodology to large-scale data projects. Texas A&M University, USA Bachelors of Science in Economics EXPERIENCE LOT Internet Paris, France 07/2024 Current Lead Data Analyst SKILLS Developed a large-scale dashboard for mobile.de, Germany's largest Python automotive e-commerce platform, integrating data from C. 4.5 million product listings. The dashboard helps the sales team prioritize customer acquisition Looker Studio targets, monitor performance, and assess the platform's sales effectiveness. BigQuery Used advanced ETL techniques for complex web data to create a scoring Data Sourcing system Proof-of-Concept (on Looker Studio) for Arval (BNP Paribas' vehicle leasing branch) to select the best EVs to add to their +1.7M vehicle fleet. PostgreSQL/DBeaver Managed large-scale projects cross-functionally between data, sales, and Statistical Analysis senior management teams. Used Jira and Agile methodology to deliver projects on time, and empower teams with reliable insights. Machine Learning Project Management autobiz Paris, France 2021 2024 Junior Expert Senior Data Analyst Managed a client portfolio of 17 e-commerce groups and investment funds located in North America and EU. Supervised data delivery, ensuring quality standards are met. LANGUAGES Used advanced ETL techniques to integrate complex B2C and C2C data, handling an average of 3 million product listings. Developed dashboards and English (native) conducted both structured and ad-hoc analysis to support data-driven Spanish (native) decision-making for sales, marketing, and strategy teams. French (professional) Organized and led quarterly and ad-hoc workshops to communicate findings to clients' sales teams and senior management, and covered data-related needs and questions from data teams. REFERENCES AlphaValue Paris, France 2019 2020 Financial Analyst Available upon request Performed fundamental analysis and due diligence on 18 large-cap publicly- traded stocks, communicated recommendations to institutional investors, and obtained an average overall yield of c.8% annually.