Contact Amy Driscoll 0749728600 (Mobile) amyjdriscoll@gmail.com Leveraging data to drive strategic decision-making Beausoleil, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France www.linkedin.com/in/82b2aa97 (LinkedIn) Summary Top Skills Technology specialist with 15 years' experience. Responsible for Azure AI providing technical and human resource to convert raw technical Business Intelligence (BI) data into meaningful insights to enable data-driven decisions at any Business Analysis level within an organisation. Passionate about data as a product with value independent of the systems that generate it, and helping Certifications businesses understand the value of their data by extracting the Exam 778: Analyzing and Visualizing visualising information that supports strategic decision making. Data with Power BI Microsoft Certified: Azure Al Engineer Associate KEY AREAS OF EXPERTISE PRINCE2 Foundation Business Intelligence I am a one stop shop for all BI, data and reporting queries. I offer expert guidance on best practice, report design, data structure, data transformation, providing both technical delivery to organisations who do not have sufficient internal technical resources and consulting for those organisations who require some support. Project Management Managing both SaaS software implementations, systems integration and internal business and process change projects, I am skilled at working with both internal and external stakeholders in complex and challenging projects. Full software development lifecycle experience. Prince 2 Foundation & SAFe Agile Requirements Management A key component to any successful project is being able to connect with the driving force behind a new business need. I will always be the person asking why, what happened in the business yesterday to mean we are sat discussing a new system or feature today, and to work collaboratively with the requestor to understand their needs in order to structure and prioritise those requirements into packages of work that development teams can deliver on. Page 1 of 8 I have skills and experience in deploying, maintaining and utilising the following technologies: Power BI Azure Al Certified Engineer Power Query (M) DAX SQL IBM Cognos Splunk Python Azure DevOps Git Crystal Reports Oracle BI Workday RSM InTime Bullhorn SAFE Tempest Experience Amadeus Principal Specialist - IT & Digital Workplace December 2023 - Present (10 months) Amadeus provide IT solutions for the travel and hospitality sector. * Collect the demand and define user requirements to cover business needs. * Perform feasibility study, identify required data sources and transformation to cover the demand. * Collaborate to data onboarding working with architect lead and data engineer to request/validate additional data integration. * Analyse collected data, and perform development to search and transform data, design dashboards, reports, datasets up to the final delivery. * Contribute to the definition and evolution of Power BI usage as part of our overall data platform. Kyloe Partners 6 years 10 months Business Intelligence Consultant Page 2 of 8 June 2019 - November 2023 (4 years 6 months) Kyloe Partners are a global IT consultancy providing technical expertise on systems and applications for the recruitment sector. Sole consultant for Business Intelligence globally, leading the design, development and build of reports using Canvas (Cognos) and Power BI within or integrated with Bullhorn, a SaaS CRM and ATS system. Providing bespoke Business Intelligence consulting and coaching to Kyloe clients in the US, EMEA and APAC, driving our clients towards being able to gain actionable insights from the data. Data transformation and modelling utilising Power Query (M) and DAX. Working with the Services Sales team to ensure all stages of design and delivery are captured and agreed with the client. In close collaboration with the client taking responsibility and accountability for collaborative design and build of all reporting requirements, ensuring all required development is complete prior to release and all standards and best practices are adhered to. Working closely with Kyloe Clients to provide post go live support for Canvas and Power BI reports. With the Project team manage UAT. Product Owner & Product Manager for Canvas+, a deployable reporting product suite to give insightful views of the client's data and information that can be used to create client opportunity. Provide intermediate and advanced level Canvas training. Proposing and developing new reporting products and services to assist clients in finding new insights into their client base and revenue streams. Providing wider advice and recommendations on system configuration, integration and workflow optimisation to improve reporting capabilities. Building the Canvas knowledge hub. Line management, mentoring and coaching of BI Developer intern. Project Manager - SaaS Implementations & Process Improvement January 2018 - May 2019 (1 year 5 months) Work with Clients to deliver complex yet effective software implementation projects. This includes the planning and delivery of software development pieces, large-scale data migrations, GDPR compliance, system configuration and custom reporting suites to meet the client's bespoke requirements. As Project Manager I take responsibility for the project delivery from point of signature until handover to BAU 12 weeks post-go live. Working with in-house sales teams, BAs, Developers, Data Engineers, QA and Implementation Consultants to deliver highly customised solutions. Page 3 of 8 Working with client project teams that vary in experience and skill in delivering IT projects, which could include Directors, in-house IT teams or sales team members and being able to adapt to provide the appropriate level of guidance and support throughout the project lifecycle. Managing budgets, time and deliverables by utilising a project management and resource booking system (Wrike). Working with client and internal teams to create detailed project plans that identify timelines, deliverables, milestones and resources needed for successful completion of the project. Identifying, mitigating, managing and communicating project risks. Holding the project team (internal and client) accountable to project timelines, scope and deadlines. Managing and prioritising multiple, concurrent projects varying in size and complexity. Managing project financials, which includes tracking invoicing and budget over runs Managing RFCs Define, refine and monitor the Kyloe project delivery process and where appropriate make recommendations for process changes and improvement. Drive continual change within the Kyloe project delivery process to enable an auditable project delivery process, documenting and owning project and process documentation. Project Manager for internal Kyloe projects that require organisational or process change. Prince 2 Foundation & QMS ISO 9001:2015 Foundation certified Project Manager - SaaS Implementations February 2017 - December 2017 (11 months) Working with client and internal teams to create detailed project plans that identify timelines, deliverables, milestones and resources needed for successful completion of the project Managing various project resources time and deliverables by utilising a project management and resource booking system Setting and managing clear expectations with clients and internal resources Identifying, mitigating, managing and communicating project risks internally and to clients Holding project team (internal and client) accountable to project timelines, scope and deadlines Delivering projects with client's goals in mind Managing multiple concurrent projects varying in size and complexity Page 4 of 8