Darchan Stamado +358 50 4715300 Helsinki Finland E-mail: darchan7@gmail.com Linkedln: https://www.linkedin.com/in/darchan-stamado/ RESUME SKILLS Data professional with 4 years of experience in data and software Data modeling development and extensive academic background. Able to deliver quality work, building data warehouses and modeling, data engineering Data analytics applications and data analytics, applying technical knowledge to a business and problem solving oriented mindset. Also very concerned over Data architecture creating functional processes and a culture for data, so it can function efficiently and deliver business value. Data monitoring Data quality EXPERIENCE Advanced SQL Company: Yousician (07/2023 - present) Python dbt Senior Analytics Engineer - 6 months Databricks - Development of tested data models for finance and marketing. Snowflake Improving data product analysts' models for user and app events data. - Creating tracking methods for individual dbt models and Looker PDTs Elementary warehouse cost. Identifying and prioritizing needs of optimizing models AirFlow and making them incremental, saving $70k a year in Snowflake costs. Looker and Metabase - Development of python code and unit tests for an application that runs multiple dbt projects in different environments, uploading docs to a S3 AWS bucket website and sending Elementary slack alerts for failing dbt tests. Jenkins - Training data analysts in developing data models in dbt, CI in Jenkins Machine Learning and git practices. Metabase and Looker - Evaluating and choosing a data catalogue tool (Secoda) to provide the company with data discoverability, teams' curated content, data lineage and propagation of measurement of quality and problems statuses. ACADEMIC BACKGROUND Analytics Engineer - 10 months - Development of tested data models for finance and marketing. Master's degree in Mathematics at UFRGS Improving data product analysts' models for user and app events data. (2017-2019) - Providing Looker onboarding for company users and writing Bachelor's in Mathematics documentation relevant to their usage. Curating user content and usage, at UFRGS and configuring it to improve its performance. (2014-2017) - Creating a dev environment in vscode, with configured python env, vscode extensions and action buttons so that less technical data analysts could easily develop and test models in dbt, defer to production's state, using only buttons and without having to configure anything. LANGUAGES - Implementation of Elementary for dbt data monitoring, with its UI in a English - Fluent S3 bucket website, configuring IAM in terraform. French B1.2 Company: Warren (06/2020 - 06/2023) Portuguese - Native Analytics Engineer - 1 year and 4 months - Modeling, development and deployment of a Data Warehouse, using Databricks and dbt and data observability with Elementary. - Building a semantic layer on Looker and Metabase, so data analysts could do their analysis faster, more accurately and using predefined metric definitions and filters, focusing on delivering insights. - Participated in making company data strategy decisions with our Data Product Manager, making our data deliver more impact to the business. - Building of data pipelines to deliver regulatory data to governmental institutions, related to company's managed portfolios. - Strategic business analysis to C-level stakeholders, such as projecting portfolio fee charge aliquots revenue and definition of active user. Data Analyst - 9 months - Development of pipelines for auditories of data consistency, which helped to improve our operational technology and some were delivered to regulatory institutions. - Data analytics for portfolio operational team and managed portfolio allocation product team, accounting team, such as portfolios' statistical analysis, operational monitoring and success evaluation. - Metrics for evaluation of a managed portfolio allocated and planned allocations discrepancies, which later was used on a company level OKR to evaluate how well automated portfolio management was done. Backend developer - 1 year and 4 months - Developing a financial portfolio data ETL application in .NET project, which calculated financial performance. Modeling its database, writing its financial calculations, and developing unit tests and a rest API. - Development and Flask deployment of a Python application in website format, which did a portfolio and customer ETL, and presented a dashboard, to be used as customer service tool and developer debug tool. - Development of a Python external market indexes and currency exchange API for creating benchmarks in finance data. - Review and improvement of a Julia's JuMP mathematical optimization model for managed portfolio rebalance.