Yanyun CAO +33 744858696 yanyun.cao@essec.edu 135 Boulevard Davout, 75020 Paris PROFILE Experienced Data Analyst with substantial expertise in SQL, Python, Power BI, and Tableau. Proficient in tackling business challenges, and executing data processing, machine learning, and data visualization. Fluent in Chinese and English with Basic French skills. Actively seeking Data Analyst or Business Intelligence Analyst CDI opportunities. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Back Market, Growth APAC - Paris, France Growth Ops APAC Intern July 2024 - December 2024 Collaborate with cross-functional teams (quality, supply, marketing) to develop, build, and optimize KPIs and performance dashboards using SQL and Tableau, enabling real-time monitoring of sales, seller quality, customer service, and marketing performance, while improving operational efficiency for the APAC team. Conduct ad hoc analyses to support strategic decision-making, including customer profiling, assessing the success of new feature launches, and calculating incremental sales for promotional campaigns. Provide actionable insights to senior management and key stakeholders that helped shape business strategies and define targets. IKEA, Digital Hub - Shanghai, China Data Analyst June 2020 - December 2022 Utilized Ali Cloud for data implementing and processing, analyzed extensive datasets (sales, membership, customer behavior) for DTC segmentation. Delivered insights, leading to a 20% increase in user engagement. Developed dynamic dashboards with PowerBI and Tableau, incorporating sales performance, customer behavior analytics, and social media data from Baidu Analytics and WeChat. Monitored online website performance and social media engagement, improving business performance evaluation and supporting strategic decisions. Accenture, Applied Intelligence - Shanghai, China Data Science Consultant September 2018 - June 2020 Led Marketing Analytics project, processing marketing data with remote teams using regression analysis and time-series forecasting to assess sales trends and Omni-channel marketing impact, improving accuracy by 12%. Managed big data and developed statistical models using SAS and R, increasing premium sales forecast accuracy by 10%. Provided data-driven insights to leadership, facilitating strategic decisions. Developed global supply chain segmentation models and Tableau dashboards, optimizing supply chain efficiency. Merkle, Marketing Solutions Group - Shanghai, China Data Analyst July 2016 - August 2018 Consulted for IKEA, implementing predictive models using logistic regression and segmentation to optimize CRM campaigns, achieving a 14% response rate increase. Refined lead-to-customer journey for Wall Street English using comparative profiling and risk management models, identifying 95% of potential refund-seeking customers. EDUCATION Master in Data Sciences & Business Analytics August 2023 - February 2025 (Expected) ESSEC & CentraleSupélec Paris, France Corporate Research Project with Deloitte: Developed an automated sentiment analysis tool for HR-specific surveys using NLP and generative AI techniques. Created visualizations and drill-down capabilities to deliver actionable insights for enhancing employee engagement and driving organizational improvement. Master of Science in Biostatistics University of Michigan, United States August 2012 - May 2014 Bachelor of Science in Statistics Chongqing University of Technology, China September 2008 - July 2012