Shivam KAVATHE Nice, France shivam.me45@gmail.com +33 751 886 203 linkedin.com/in/shivam-kavathe Introduction As a passionate and results-driven Data Science Engineer, I thrive in fast-paced, dynamic environments that foster innovation and growth. I am looking for a role where I can not only expand my technical skills but also contribute to the success of the organization. Experience Data Science Engineer, Amadeus SAS. - Nice, France Sept 2021 - Present A company provides tech solutions to travel and tourism industry. Known as a world leader in GDS for airline tickets reservation systems. Worked with flight booking, Prices, search, and traffic data generated by Global Distribution Systems (GDSs) across the globe, covering approximately 85% of Air Travel transactions worldwide. Designed and developed UI and feed-based big data products for airlines, travel agencies, and tourism offices, enabling the analysis of extensive datasets to generate actionable insights and support strategic initiatives Built and maintained data pipelines and ETL processes using Scala and Python to handle over monthly 10TB of structured and unstructured data from diverse sources. Implemented data validation frameworks to guarantee data quality and consistency across all stages of the data pipeline. Spearheaded the migration of on-premise data pipelines to cloud-based architectures, reducing infrastructure costs by 20%. Actively engaged in DevOps tasks, including (CI/CD), data flow management, job preparation and scheduling. Built and tested various ML models to create cache management solution, based on data of flight searches and prices. Performed price analytics and feature engineering to predict and maintain results of flight search traffic. built clustering algorithm for traffic segmentation to build the cache management solution. Data Scientist, Exa Mobility India - Pune, India July 2019 - Dec 2020 A company provides city fleet management solution building e-bikes for last mile transport and delivery. Identified opportunities for optimizing fleet operations, such as route optimisation, vehicle maintenance scheduling, fuel consumption management and workforce management. Performed analysis on Jupyter Notebook using Python, Pandas, Numpy, Scikit-learn and other visualisation libraries. Worked closely with software developers and IT teams to implement tailored IoT solutions and Cloud infra. Education UTBM - Université de Franche-Comté, Master in Internet of Things Sept 2020 - Aug 2022 Belfort, France University of Pune, Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Telecommunication Sept 2016 - Aug 2019 Pune, India Tech Skills Programming Languages: Scala, Python, SQL, Java, Bash. Big Data Tools: Spark, Kafka, Hadoop, SparkML, PySpark, PostgreSQL, AWS Services: S3, EMR, Redshift, Glue, Sagemaker, Elasticsearch, CloudWatch. Data Science Tools: Pandas, Numpy, Scikit-learn, Scipy, TensorFlow, Keras. DevOps & Other Tools: Git, Jenkins, Tableau, Kibana, Linux, Graphana, Azure, PostgreSQL, Docker, MS Office. Languages English: Native or bilingual fluency French: Limited working proficiency