Alice Giomi - Data Analyst Nationality: French / American Address: 14 rue Nau, Marseille 13006, France Phone number: + 1 415 781 9329 / +33 6 51 88 98 74 Email address: alicesfca@gmail.com LinkedIn : https://www.linkedin.com/in/alice-giomi/ Profile After approximately 13 years spent in the United States, I've returned to France and wish to leverage my experience as a Data Analyst and Data Engineer in the FinTech sector in San Francisco. I'm experienced in demonstrating adaptability and mastery in handling change and uncertainty typical of a growing startup/scale up. Furthermore, I believe that my ability to understand business challenges, combined with my technical expertise in handling complex data, will be assets for the success of your data projects. Work experience 04/2021 present Forge Global - Giving investors and shareholders a transparent view of San Francisco the private market with tools, data and insights to help drive informed investment decisions. (IPO in 03/2022) Data Engineer Steered complex projects for financial data extraction, using advanced research methods. Applied robust data transformation techniques to improve data quality and relevance. Integrated projects into organization's data architecture and ETL systems for efficiency. Ensured accuracy of financial models through thorough testing and validation. Maintained comprehensive documentation for transparency and knowledge transfer. Data Analyst Data-driven decision-making for product, project, and program operations, building business intuition. Created content and collateral such as dashboards, datasheets, case studies, demos, and presentations. Proactively addressed challenges related to data extraction and integration, demonstrating problem-solving skills to overcome obstacles and ensure our project's successful completion. Developed and implemented financial pricing models for improved forecasting and decision-making. Conducted data-driven analysis and research to enhance data breadth and scalability. Collaborated with cross-functional teams, achieving a 30% increase in data coverage through financial modeling and pricing strategies. 04/2018 12/2020 JPMorgan Chase & Co. San Francisco Relationship Banker Mastered computer productivity and customer relationship software. Built strong rapport with key consumer and business clients for lasting business relationships. Skills Python SQL AWS tools Snowflake Looker Power BI ETL Processes Github * Projects LLM Document Parsing and Extraction Tool Development Lead (https://provectus.com/case-studies/leveraging-generative-ai-to-streamline-corporate-documentation- management/) Led extraction of crucial data from complex legal documents using advanced NLP and machine learning. Collaborated with LLM team to optimize the tool's reading and extraction capabilities. Conducted rigorous testing and validation to enhance accuracy and efficiency of the LLM tool. Addressed variability in legal and financial documents, implementing adaptive features for diverse structures and formats. Financial Data Extraction and Modeling Project Lead (Patent Pending) Spearheaded a complex project focused on extracting financial data from governmental filings. Led the seamless integration of the project into the organization's data architecture and ETL systems, ensuring an efficient data processing pipeline. D Education & Certificates 03/2024 Technical Product Manager Certification Product HQ 02/2024 Certified Data Engineer - Associate AWS 09/2020 02/2021 Data Analytics I Certificate San Francisco Thinkful 2015 - 2018 Bachelor's degree I Business Administration - Finance San Francisco San Francisco State University Strengths Flexible / Adaptable Analytical Problem solving Detail oriented Cross-Functional Collaboration Resourceful E Languages English French Spanish