prashanth_rathinavel@yahoo.com Prashanth +33 (0)7 54 16 67 17 RATHINAVEL Vélizy-Villacoublay, France Business Intelligence (BI) & Data Analyst www.bimaster.me R linkedin.com/in/prashanth-rathinavel in | am an innovative BI Developer with nearly 7 years of experience specializing in data visualization and reporting. My expertise lies in transforming complex data into actionable insights using tools such as Microsoft Power BI, Tableau, SQL and Microsoft Excel. I am highly proficient in designing and documenting Data Warehouse (DW) architecture and its components, including Data Modeling, ETL processes, and Datamarts. As an autonomous professional, | possess excellent verbal and written communication skills. I am also a proactive collaborator known for my adaptability, analytical thinking, problem-solving and organizational abilities. TECHNICAL SKILLS BI TOOLS Microsoft Power BI I Desktop, Service & Admin Portal, Tableau Desktop RDBMS Oracle, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Azure SQL DATA WAREHOUSE Amazon Redshift, SAP Business Warehouse (BW) ETL TOOLS Microsoft Power BI I Dataflows & On-premises Data Gateway, Azure Data Factory, SAS Data Integration (DI) Studio LANGUAGES SQL, DAX, M, VBA, HTML, CSS, JS ERP / CRM Sage X3, Odoo, SAP OTHER TOOLS Microsoft Excel I Power Pivot Tables & Charts, SAS Enterprise Guide (EG) I PROC SQL WORK EXPERIENCE Business Intelligence (BI) I Developer & Analyst Paris Smart Solutions 06/2021 05/2024 Neuilly-sur-Seine, France 3 years Responsibilities/Tasks - Managed BI projects, from inception to deployment, including the design and implementation of BI architecture, user account / license governance (Power BI Pro and PPU), and the documentation of technical / user guides to ensure project continuity and knowledge transfer. - Collaborated with the business teams / stakeholders (sales, marketing, purchasing, logistics, customer service, and finance) across the enterprise to gather and analyze BI requirements, ensuring BI solutions / technical specifications aligned strategically with organizational objectives. - Optimized BI platform's performance by tuning queries, developing efficient data models, and tracking usage metrics delivering fast and reliable access to critical insights. - Automated Power BI Apps by configuring scheduled refreshes for dataflows and datasets, ensuring the delivery of up-to-date data for ongoing analysis and decision-making - Achievements - Designed, developed, and maintained BI solutions that integrated on-premises and cloud data sources, including Sage X3 - Oracle DB, MySQL DB, Odoo API, Silae API, Google Sheets, and Microsoft Excel, automating sales reporting and saving up to 200 man-hours. - Designed and developed 70+ interactive dashboards and reports in Power BI Desktop, publishing and organizing structured content across a wide range of Power BI Workspaces. - Constructed and managed 15+ Power BI Apps, distributing them across different internal departments, subsidiaries and external clients of the organization. - Conducted training sessions and workshops to support 50+ end-users in effectively utilizing Power BI, enhancing their skills and driving a data-driven culture within the organization. - Conducted in-depth analysis of client payment behaviors and sales RFM (Recency, Frequency, Monetary) to optimize cash flow, resulting in a 25% improvement. Page 1 of 3 WORK EXPERIENCE Data Model Analyst Intern Aperam 03/2020-12/2020 Luxembourg, Luxembourg 10 months Responsibilities/Tasks - Developed, operationalized, and maintained visually appealing BI dashboards and reports using Microsoft Power BI (desktop, service) and SAP Business Objects (BO) platforms. - Designed, developed, and documented the Data Models for Global Purchasing Data Marts, integrating SAS BI servers with Microsoft Azure Data Lake and Denodo DataHub, ensuring seamless data access and scalability. - Collaborated with enterprise data architects and BI engineers to propose and implement solutions addressing data quality issues and data warehouse architecture / data governance improvements. - Acted as an Individual Contributor (IC) between technical teams in Luxembourg and global business units, streamlining the revamp of internal tools and facilitating the development of new applications to meet emerging business needs. - Achievements - Built and scheduled ETL jobs using SAS Data Integration (DI) Studio, automating data workflows and saving up to 352 man-hours to develop BI dashboards and reports. - Led the conversion and standardization of 15+ reports from SAP ECC and SAS to Power BI, ensuring smoother performance and enhancing decision-making capabilities across the organization. - Performed ad hoc analysis on purchasing data, developing strategies that boosted procurement savings by 15% over a quarter, demonstrating the financial impact of data-driven insights. Data Quality Analyst Amazon Development Center India Pvt. Ltd., 11/2016 02/2019 Chennai, India 2 years 4 months Responsibilities/Tasks - Built and optimized advanced SQL queries to efficiently retrieve, cleanse, and process complex datasets from MySQL, Oracle, Amazon Redshift, and Amazon S3 platforms, ensuring data integrity and readiness for analysis. - Provided technical leadership in the design, development, and maintenance of BI dashboards and reports using Tableau, Amazon QuickSight, and other internal applications, populating KPIs and measures to deliver actionable insights. - Analyzed datasets and communicated findings through recommendation reports to stakeholders and business teams, enabling data- informed decision-making to support various business use cases. - Achievements - Developed and scheduled ETL jobs within the Amazon Redshift platform, resulting in savings of up to 280 man-hours in computing data quality and business KPIs and metrics. - Designed, developed, and deployed an analytics application on Linux servers, integrated with the MySQL database, which enhanced data audits by 20%, contributing to improve performance of Al engine. - Awarded the title of "Pure Performer" for the successful development of Business Intelligence (BI) applications that automated processes and provided analytical metrics across various divisions of the organization. Data Analyst HousingMan.com 09/2015 04/2016 Bengaluru, India 8 months Responsibilities/Tasks - Built the BI reporting and analytics infrastructure from the ground up using SQL and Tableau, providing real-time insights into product hierarchy, marketing funnels, and other key business KPIs. - Led a team of three full-time employees in data extraction, cleaning, processing, and validation using SQL, ensuring high-quality data for analysis and reporting. - Designed and developed Data Models in MySQL Workbench to effectively store structured and unstructured data extracted from both online and offline sources. Achievements - Created operational marketing reports in Tableau and presented findings during weekly and monthly meetings, identifying areas for improvement for clients (real estate builders) that resulted in a 10% boost in sales over a quarter. Page 2 of 3