CHIRAG GWALANI Data Analyst chirag.gwalani01@gmail.com +49 1578 344 3954 I LinkedIn Berlin, Germany| Job-seeker visa PROFILE SUMMARY Data-driven analyst with 3+ years of experience leveraging SQL, Python, Cloud Technologies, and BI tools to deliver impactful business solutions. Skilled in statistical and machine learning techniques, I provide actionable insights that enhance user experiences. With a strong background in product analytics and data warehousing, I foster a design-led, data-centric environment focused on excellence and innovation. TECHNICAL SKILLS Technical Cloud/Data BI Tools Others Languages Python Aws Tableau GIT English SQL Airflow Power BI with JIRA German(A2) Redshift DBT Quicksight PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Data Analyst, Sculptsoft, Ahmedabad, India November 2020-December 2022 Drove business improvements for stakeholders ranging from product to customer satisfaction through actionable insights backed by data. Developed and optimized NLP algorithms, resulting in a 20% increase in chatbot response accuracy. Engineered and maintained ETL/ELT data pipelines using Airflow for orchestration and DBT for data transformations and modeling, ensuring robust and efficient data workflows. Utilized advanced SQL for designing and maintaining a robust database for storing and retrieving inspection data, improving data retrieval speed by 40%. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to design user-friendly dashboards enhancing user experience and satisfaction by 20%. Developed and optimized internal data models, ensuring data consistency and reliability across various business units. Python Trainee, Infinnium, Ahmedabad, India January 2020-April 2020 Expertly managed and streamlined large-scale data operations, handling over 500K records with a focus on precision and integrity. Conducted thorough data quality assessments to identify and rectify data anomalies and inconsistencies. Developed sentiment forecasting models using NLP algorithms, exceeding industry benchmarks. Utilized Python packages like NumPy, Pandas, and Matplotlib to create databases for graphical reporting. EDUCATION MSc Data Science, AI & Digital Business Gisma University of Applied Sciences, Potsdam, Germany, November 2023 Master of Computer Application (Integrated) Gujarat Technological University, Rajkot India, July 2020