Aditya Kulkarni Paris, France +33 07 44 74 44 31 adityakulkarni1255@gmail.com Linkedln: Aditya17 Education EDHEC Business School 2023 - Dec 2024 MSc in Marketing Analytics Lille, France Key Courses: Marketing Statistics and Modelling, Customer Data and Analytics, Text Analysis, Consumer Behavior Psychology, SMO, Text Analysis NMIMS Jul 2018 - May 2023 MBA-Tech (Bachelors of Technology + MBA in Technology Management) Mumbai, India Key Courses: Marketing Analytics for Pricing, Predictive Modelling, Strategic Management, Analytics for Strategic Marketing Decisions, Programming for Analytics, Brand Management Skills Analytical & Visualization Tools: Python, Looker, Salesforce, Gong, Google Analytics, Power Bi, SPSS, SQL Digital Marketing: Google Ads, Meta Advertising, SEMrush, Mailchimp Languages: English (Professional), French (Basic Conversational), Marathi (Native), Hindi (Fluent) Professional Experience Go To Market Strategy Enablement Intern Jul 2024 - Present Aircall Paris, France Identifying correlations between the Enablement Team's initiatives and GTM team's performance outcomes, using Salesforce data to develop incentive structures based on results. Working on establishing a feedback loop to gather insights and continuously refine the workings of the enablement team. Developed an automated data tracking calendar to optimize GTM training schedules and reduce time wastage, improving operational efficiency. Analyzing Gong metrics to track mention rates for key terms, providing insights to enhance sales. Gathering Looker board insights to provide recommendations to senior leadership. Created 50+ process automations in Monday board to increase team productivity and accountability. Brand Strategy and Planning Intern and Apprentice, May 2022 - Jul 2023 Contract Advertising (WPP Group) Mumbai, India Headed consumer and product trend analysis to identify growth opportunities, consulting 12+ clients on brand positioning and strategy improvement. Conducted competitive analysis, driving the visibility and engagement for brands across fashion, tech, fragrance, FMCG and more. Worked directly with C-suite to recommend strategic changes for brand enhancements. Analyzed customer behavior, persona and trends to create IMC strategies. Researched and created pitch decks to onboard new clients. Thesis and relevant projects The Spotify Project (On-Going): Working towards analyzing and finding time-based genre data and connect it with available location data to create a customer mood preference tracker. Master's thesis (2024): Analysis of consumer decision-making between luxury and fast fashion brands to identify sustainable and innovative growth opportunities, using SPSS to find relevant correlations. Product Launch analysis (2024): Employed Python and NLP to derive insights for marketing strategy refinement and product development for post launch product analysis for 2 different models. Weak signal analysis for UBISOFT (2023): Employed Python and NLP to derive insights for textual data to understand player sentiments, trends and keyword analysis in the gaming industry. Certifications Microsoft Dynamics 365 Fundamentals (CRM), Jan 2024 Microsoft Azure AI Fundamentals, April 2024 Leadership Headed the Marketing department of AIESEC in Mumbai for over a year and created long term branding strategies for the brand.