Olga Khamitova Senior Data Analyst +33650448287 xamitova@gmail.com & 75005, Paris EDUCATION PROFILE A highly analytical and results-driven Data Analyst with over 10 years of experience in Master (M2) in sociology and data analytics, product insights, and business strategy. Proven expertise in creating data statistics models, dashboards, and statistical analysis to optimise marketing, product Higher School of Economics performance, and user acquisition. Adept at managing large datasets, predicting trends, 2010 - 2012 and delivering actionable insights to support decision-making. Passionate about Bachelor degree in sociology leveraging data for driving company growth and product innovation, with hands-on and statistics experience in predictive modeling, A/B testing, and cross-functional collaboration. Higher School of Economics WORK EXPERIENCE 2006 2010 Ankorstore June 2022 - Present Senior Data Analyst EXPERTISE Conducted comprehensive analyses of customer behaviour and performance insights to identify growth opportunities for the business Data visualisation Collaborated with product managers, engineers, and marketing teams to provide data-driven Strategic planning solutions for business needs. Marketing campaigns Developed and maintained dashboards to monitor KPIs, delivering actionable insights to evaluation stakeholders for enhanced decision-making Established data structures / quality in the data warehouse using DBT. CRM Customer behaviour analysis Freelance November 2018 - June 2022 Dashboarding Data Analyst Data analytics for ad-hoc and strategic projects Forecasting Reporting, data visualisation and presentation Cross-functional projects Nespresso "Nestle Russia" August 2015 - September 2018 Data management Senior Data Analyst, Marketing Problem solving Led data analysis for marketing initiatives, including segmentation, sales forecasting, and SKILLS multi-channel performance monitoring. Developed innovative analytics and visualisation tools to enhance data-driven decision- SQL, Python making across marketing and product teams. Oversaw the implementation of loyalty programs and the launch of new products, driving Tableau, Power BI, Sigma customer engagement and retention. computing, Looker Provided deep insights into customer behaviour, enabling the marketing team to optimise MS Office their communication strategies and offers. DBT Business Analytics MK July 2012 - August 2015 Google Analytics Project Manager, Marketing research LANGUAGE Realization of tracking and ad-hoc surveys: Retail, healthcare, FMCG, Telecom: (Brand Health surveys, pricing surveys, advertisement effectiveness, A/B/n testing, loyalty and satisfaction English (C1) surveys, segmentation of the customers etc.) Development of the research design French (B2) Projects leading Russian (native) Data processing and analysis, reporting, data visualization and presentation Synovate Healthcare Russia January 2010 - September 2011 Assistant/Junio Project Manager Realization qualitative and quantitative projects Development of the research design Data processing and analysis, reporting, data visualization and presentation