+33 07 58 18 29 60 abhishek.luthra@edhec.com linkedin.com/in/absluthra ABHISHEK LUTHRAA My Data Analysis Portfolio Paris, 94470 SUMMARY A passionate Data Analyst with hands-on experience in data analysis, business optimization, and solving intricate data problems for impactful insights. I bring a strong analytical mindset and problem-solving skills, with expertise in SQL, Data visualization (Tableau), and ETL processes. As a versatile and enthusiastic team player with keen attention to detail and strong interpersonal skills, I am dedicated to leveraging data for meaningful, results-driven outcomes. SKILLS Languages: SQL (MySQL), BigQuery, Python Libraries: Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib Visualisation: Tableau, Looker Studio, Power BI ERP: Oracle Netsuite Data Analysis & Manipulation: MS Excel, Power Query Speaking Skills: English(C1), French (A1) WORK EXPERIENCE DATA ANALYST - Kumo - Paris, France Feb 2024- Sep 2024 Analysed large sets of data for any anomalies or inconsistencies using MS Excel to support strategic decision-making and interpret actionable recommendations. Developed and deploy custom automated reporting solutions to various departments with rapid, actionable insights, reducing time delays by 20%, thereby enabling quick decision making. Build and maintain ETL process through automation methods using SQL to improve operational efficiency by 30%. Designed dashboards in Tableau containing KPIs metrics that clearly communicate business performance and effectively communicate trends, patterns, and predictions using relevant data and suggest data-driven interventions. CUSTOMER SERVICES & SALES ANALYST - Enterprise Rent-A-Car - Edmonton, Canada Mar 2020-Jun 2021 Utilised data to prepare interactive dashboards to showcase KPIs, resulting in a 10% increase in operational visibility. Analysed historical data to accurately forecast rental sales, led to annual cost savings of € 20,000. BUSINESS OWNER - Luthra Group of Higher Secondary Education - Jammu, India Aug 2014-Aug 2019 Performed analysis of historical student enrolment trends, leading to a 20% increase in admissions Utilised surveys to successfully established kindergarten franchise, generating annual revenue of € 25,000. PROJECTS KUMO- - Paris, France Mar 2024-June 2024 Redesigned and automated Kumo's existing data architecture by integrating Google Big Query (SQL), resulting in the transition to automated workflows from manual processes. This transformation reduced time delays from days to few minutes, led to 30% improvement in operational efficiency across the platform. UBISOFT - Consulting Project - Lille, France Mar 2023-Jun 2023 Utilised Python to forecast selective KPIs, essential to determine success of games before launch by employing ML algorithms like Decision trees to optimise predictive models, thereby achieving overall accuracy to 79%. EDUCATION EDHEC BUSINESS SCHOOL Lille, France Master of Science, Data analytics & AI Sept 2022-Dec 2023 ALBERTA SCHOOL OF BUSINESS Edmonton, Canada Master of Business Administration Sept 2021-Aug 2022