Nidhi Sewak nidhi.sewak@gmail.com linkedin.com/nidhisewak I Lille, France After 3 years of experience in product management and design, I am looking for a product management or business analyst role. Experience Career upskilling Sept 2024 - Present Currently learning Python to improve my data analysis skills. Product Designer, Independent - Lille, France Jan 2024 - July 2024 Designed a client website with Figma and Framer, improving it over the previous iteration of the site. Developed a design system with over 25 components. Product Owner BI (Data), Kyriba - Paris, France June 2021 - Jan 2024 Increased customer base by 30% by creating BI dashboards with QlikSense for financial data, and collaborating with a team of 5 developers and 2 QA engineers. Designed the data model and launched a new BI app to keep track of general ledgers, for a customer that is the second largest company in the world in its industry, with an annual revenue of €12 billion in 2023. Initiated, designed, and supervised the implementation of 3 innovative features, to keep track of and optimize customers' bank accounts usage globally, enhancing an existing application's functionality and user experience. Introduced a new QA feature to measure data quality within the product across 5 modules. Provided support to end users, improving product adoption across 300+ clients. Directed Scrum ceremonies, including PI planning, alongside 2 PMs. Created and maintained release notes and product documentation. Performed functional testing and collaborated with 3 cross-functional teams. Product Manager (internship), Lumen (ex-Streamroot) - Paris, France June 2020 - Dec 2020 Led, designed and launched Google Analytics reports for the company. Contributed in agile ceremonies and roadmap planning with a team of 4 PMs. Managed product backlog and prioritization, created PRDs. Handled the release process for 2 products. Conducted QA and user testing on mobile and web platforms. Maintained the knowledge base for all new releases and features. Skills Product management: Agile methodology, Kanban methodology, Aha!, Jira, Confluence Technologies: Qliksense, SQL, Figma, Tableau, Postman, Google Analytics Other: Kyriba software, Data modeling, Data warehousing, Data analysis, UX design Working knowledge: Framer, Python Education IESEG Lille - Master of Science in International Business Mar 2021 D.Y. Patil University, Mumbai - Bachelor of Technology in Biomedical Engineering June 2017 Achievements Distinctions in 6 engineering semesters. Top 1% statewide in 12th grade examinations.