Ksenia Chugunova Data Analyst Paris, France kseniachugunova.fr@gmail.com +33 6 12 91 47 97 in linkedin.com/in/kseniachugunova/ Data Analyst with 2+ years of experience turning complex data into powerful insights that drive business growth. Expert in data collection, cleaning, and visualization using SQL, Python, Power BI, and Excel to optimize decision-making. EXPERIENCE Analyst I Freelance March 2024 Now Cleaning, pre-processing and manipulating datasets to ensure data accuracy and reliability, resulting in improved data quality and more precise and clear insights for non-specialists. Preparing detailed sales reports for stakeholders in an understandable and persuasive manner to help optimize business decisions and identify actionable strategies. CX Analyst June 2023 February 2024 CXG . Paris, France Customer Experience Consulting and Services firm with 230+ Luxury clients Developed over 70+ reports for more than 20 Luxury and Premium brands (Hermes, Guerlain, Dior, etc) to present findings and recommendations in a clear manner. Achieved a 15-20% increase in a Premium brand's customer experience KPI by leveraging strategic analytics and delivering impactful insights. Reduced report preparation time by 50-70% by integrating automation tools. Ensured 99% accuracy of deliverables through proofreading and data verification. Partnered with cross-functional teams to gather requirements, identify needs and collect feedback. Junior Data Analyst September 2021 - June 2022 FORTEINVEST Moscow, Russia I The largest independent oil refiner in Russia Developed 15+ insightful, visually appealing and insighful dashboards and charts in Power BI to support data- driven decision-making. Automated data extraction processes reducing manual effort by 70% and improving accuracy by 20%. Cleaned and pre-processed over 1 million of data points to ensure data integrity and usability, wrote DAX expressions for complex calculations and measures within Power BI. Revealed trends and patterns for the commercial department, leading to a 20% increase in data-driven decision- making efficiency hand in hand with the Head of the Oil Commercial Department. Junior Business Analyst October 2020 - April 2021 Aplana Group . Moscow, Russia Providing high quality software development services for global customers Conducted in-depth analysis for over 20 business processes within the tax service using ABBYY Timeline, optimizing workflows and enhancing operational efficiency. Recommended and implemented software simplifications, which led to a 10% reduction in energy consumption and increased system responsiveness by 20%. Created clear and detailed user guides for different process scripts, making it easier for tax service employees to understand and use them. EDUCATION MSc Digital Business & Analytics October 2022 - October 2023 Ecole de Management Léonard De Vinci . Paris, France Thesis: Social media marketing impact on decision making and customer behavior in e-commerce. Projects: Statistic analysis, Marketing Campaign project using Google Ads, conducted A/B testing to optimize marketing campaigns and improve user engagement. BA in Applied Mathematics September 2018 - July 2022 Finance University under the Government of the Russian Federation Moscow, Russia Projects: Retail analysis and company's forecast in Python, Data cleaning and Data Visualization for income prediction. SKILLS English (fluent), French (Intermediate), Russian (native) SQL, Python, R I Tableau, Power BI (DAX), QlikView MS Office: Excel (PivotTables, VBA), PowerPoint, Word MS SQL Server, Azure, Oracle, Jupyter Notebook I Statistics, Machine Learning I Agile Methodology, Scrum, Notion