Premi Angajala premiaang@gmail.com +447717810606 Power Platform Developer Middlesbrough, England, TS1 5BS, UK Detail-oriented Data Analyst with 4+ years of experience in data analytics and automation. Proficient in using Power BI, SQL, and Excel to drive business insights and improvements. Experienced in leveraging Nintex Automation Cloud and SharePoint to streamline processes. Holds a Master's degree in Data Science, with hands-on experience in Machine Learning and data visualization. Adept at collaborating with cross-functional teams to implement data-driven solutions and enhance operational efficiency. I am committed to continuous learning and staying updated with the latest advancements in Al and technology. Work Experience Power Platform Developer Aug 2024 - Present Multi Media Creative I Middlesbrough Creating and maintaining applications using Microsoft Power Platform, including Power Apps, Power Automate, and Power BI. Implementing automated workflows in Azure Logic Apps to streamline business processes and improve operational efficiency. Integrating data from various sources to provide comprehensive insights and support decision-making. Working closely with cross-functional teams to understand business requirements and deliver tailored solutions. Actively participating in the continuous improvement of existing applications and processes. Junior Data Analyst Feb 2023 - Jul 2024 Altrad Services I Middlesbrough Oversaw and optimized SharePoint sites, ensuring seamless functionality, security, and governance. Managed document libraries, lists, workflows, and provided user training and support for SharePoint-related matters. Automated business processes seamlessly using Power Automate. Integrated with various applications to streamline workflows. Designed and implemented approval workflows and notifications in Power Automate. Developed responsive Nintex forms, customized workflows, and ensured enhanced user experiences through responsive design principles. Efficiently managed workflows in the Nintex Automation Cloud, optimizing processes using its features. Provided user training, documentation, and support for Nintex solutions, ensuring effective utilization of the platform. Built enhanced Power BI reports for users to manage their systems. Trained and delegated projects to trainees in Power BI and Nintex automation cloud. Data Science Intern Jan 2022 - May 2022 SeerBI Explore data in excel and observe patterns for analysis and prediction. Run M.L algorithms to derive maximum percentage of the predictions Creating a business model to understand the business and make a plan for expansion. Building a dashboard using Power BI and Tableau focusing on the KPIs. New Associate Operator Accenture Solutions Pvt Ltd Apr 2019 - Dec 2021 Worked as an IT support/customer service representative at repair service desk with Verizon. Other Skills Analyzed network related data and pre-process the information in MS Excel. Communication and Provided insights using Power BI demonstrate Collaboration: widely occurred issues and provided business Excellent solutions to optimize network usage. communication Provide timely updates on repair related progress skills, capable of over emails/chats/calls. presenting data- Route the repair tickets to the right service desk driven insights to team using Fallouts. stakeholders and collaborating with Delegating calls with business clientele and cross-functional manage the KPIs and inform the outage situations. teams. Led a team of 15 within 6 months of joining the Problem-Solving company. Abilities: Encouraged teammates with reaching targets Demonstrated focusing on strengths with best quality outputs. ability to identify problems, develop solutions and Core Skills implement effective strategies to improve business Power BI operations effective MLOps, Machine Learning strategies to Tableau and Qlik for analysis and dashboards improve business M language and DAX operations Continuous Python programming for prediction analysis Learning: Pandas, matplotlib, Seaborn and TensorFlow for Committed to data manipulation staying updated with the latest R programming for statistical analysis trends and Reports preparation through MS Word and Excel technologies in and MySQL data analytics and PiktoChart for Data visualization for infographics Al to drive innovation. Hands- SharePoint on experience with Power Automate Machine Learning during a six-month Azure Logic Apps, data factory internship with Integrating Pipelines SeerBI, focusing Nintex Classic version automation on Power BI analytics. Nintex new responsive version automation Worked closely with Nintex Automation Cloud for creating forms and community workflows organizations and stakeholders from Adept at using the ticketing tools like Zendesk, HalolTSM, JIRA with automated genAl support to marginalized groups throughout users. the Al Strong knowledge of SQL for database querying development. and data manipulation. Presentation skills, Ability to use Google and other online resources well. Social Media Interaction Education Teesside University Jan 2021 - Jan 2023 Master of Science Data Science GPA 84% Pydah College of Engineering and Technology Oct 2014 - Dec 2018 Bachelor of Technology Computer Science Engineering GPA 1st Class