Zahra Akar (+33)611931231 Paris, France akar.zahraa@gmail.com linkedin SUMMARY EXPERIENCE My scientific studies have led Data Analyst & Data Engineer June 2022 - Current me to a solid training in Mazars Group Paris, France Computer Science and Managed full BI projects by: framing the client's business needs, animating Mathematics and taught me to workshops, designing mockups and developing Power BI reports for analyze and solve complex multiple leading companies such as SNCF, PAPREC, URW, HSBC, CFBNJ mathematical problems; Diagnosed client's specifications and consequently migrated client's meanwhile, my experience and existing reports from one BI tool to another. Optimized the client's data sources by modifying the structure of their involvement in various big data Snowflake tables and by creating an end-to-end data pipeline that is both, projects taught me to bridge the intelligible and maintainable. gap between academic Validated auditing projects by automizing Python scripts. knowledge with real-world issues SQL Database Administrator Jan 2020 - May 2020 while working in a team-oriented Freelance Projects Remote environment. I consider my area Installed, Configured, and Maintained SQL Server versions in development, of expertise to be in business test, and production environments. and data analysis, data Operated SQL server and employed data migrations to cloud, while maintaining replications, log shipping, and mirroring for high availability. visualization, and data Designed, scheduled, and managed SQL jobs that automate different engineering. database related activities. Passionate to create, ready to Web Developer Intern Oct 2019 - Jan 2020 learn and adapt. Geodyn Dubai, United Arab Emirates SKILLS Developed user interfaces with modern JavaScript frameworks, HTML5 and CSS3. Microsoft Certified Power BI Engaged in project development through entire Software Development Data Analyst Lifecycle (SDLC). Microsoft Certified Data Researched and developed new technology designs that can be Fundamentals implemented in user interfaces. Microsoft Certified Azure Al Digital Marketing & UI/UX Design Jan 2019 - Aug 2019 Fundamentals Oryx Dental Software Beirut, Lebanon Microsoft Certified Azure Delivered complete website according to requirements; revamped company Fundamentals website design and UI to improve communication with existing and Data Analysis (SQL, Python) potential clients. Increased project management skills by developing startup's road-map. Database Management (SQL, Managed customer issues and complaints; and received customer service Snowflake) award for reducing turnaround time of closing customer complaints by 50% Data Modeling & Data in 6 months and increasing customer satisfaction ratings. Visualization (PowerBI, EDUCATION Qliksense, Tableau) Data Governance Berlin Institute of Technology June 2022 Data Science & Machine Msc in Digital Marketing & Data Science Berlin, Germany Learning emlyon business school Sept 2021 - Dec 2022 IN COMPANY PROJECT Msc in Digital Marketing & Data Science Paris, France Laboratoires Urgo Healthcare (in company project) Digital marketing project and American University of Beirut Sept 2015 - June 2019 research in the aim to improve Bachelor of Science Beirut, Lebanon company's e-commerce in China. Computer Science, Minor in Mathematics