Kirk Kennedy Lincoln Software Developer kirklincoln@gmail.com linkedin.com/in/kirk-kennedy-lincoln github.com/deliveranceTechSolutions Versatile IT and software professional with 8 + years of experience across systems administration, cloud infrastructure, and full-stack development. Strong background in Linux, networking, and automation for education, non-profits, and startups. Known for taking ownership of difficult technical problems and delivering pragmatic, maintainable solutions. SKILLS FRONT END: React, TypeScript, JavaScript, React Native BACK END: Golang, PHP, Python, Node.js, Postgres, INFRA: AWS (EC2, S3, Lambda, RDS, RedShift, Cloudwatch, etc.), Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, Linux APACHE: Kafka, Arrow, Hadoop, Spark, HTTPD2 SYSTEMS: Protobuf, gRPC, WebRTC, OLAP, OLTP, RTP, Streaming, NGINX EMPLOYMENT Freelancing & Contracting (2023 - Present) Data Engineer (2025) - Built ETL Pipeline for client using Golang, Python, BeRT, Snowflake, and AWS, and various continuing supportive tasks. Mobile Engineer (2024-2025) Rebuilt Revive Our Hearts Mobile App using React Native, Zustand, React Query, and AWS; moreover, maintained Django application front end. Data Analyst (2023-2024) - Provided multiple business with web scraping systems, data pre-processing for ML ingestion, and automation using Golang, Python, and Selenium reducing time for data entry tasks. Mobile Engineer (2023) - Built Imbricate.co Mobile Application using React Native and Firebase. Software Developer (2022) Compassion International Developed and deployed new features for a large financial-sponsorship system written in Go (Golang). Introduced goroutines and optimized concurrency, improving performance by over 1000%. Tuned Postgres queries, resolved schema drift, and stabilized legacy API integrations. Software Developer (2021) Alliance | Strategy Consulting & AI Solutions Built and launched a SaaS platform using Go, React, AWS, and Postgres (pre-ChatGPT era). Implemented a pagination engine in Go for large-scale customer-directory management. Created a JWT-based authentication system linked to Stripe payments. Software Developer (2019) Brooklyn College Library Led development of a React front-end with PHP back-end hosted on IIS. Maintained and enhanced legacy PHP / jQuery tools used by the library's book-management system. Software Developer (2018) Telebroad Developed Zoho CRM solution to override default functionality, packaging the tool into a chrome extension utilizing Golang for backend integration. Provided technicians with L2-L3 support and helped troubleshoot SIP/VOIP customer products. EDUCATION Brooklyn College 2014-2019 Mathematics and Computer Science (116 120 credits completed) PROJECTS theIRS Open-source GPL parser to make the IRS data accessible to non-profits big and small. The implementation is in Go because that is what I am most proficient in. I created this in response to working on a project where the IRS data has not been updated since 2021. After finding out the source was deprecated, multiple sources for the data quoted $5-10k a month just to access an api for the data. Flight SQL Server Implemented a proof-of-concept for SailHQ's Spark library, which utilizes Apache Arrow tables and Rust. The project uses a jdbc connector to interact with Sail's custom library.