Jothsana Raosaheb Waikar joshnawaikar@gmail.com - 9503434692 C github.com/Joshna907 - in linkedin.com/in/jothsanawaikar SKILLS Languages: C/C++, JavaScript, TypeScript, Solidity, SQL, HTML, CSS, Go (Golang), Python Technologies & Tools: ReactJS, Next.js, Tailwind CSS, Node.js, GraphQL, PostgreSQL Web3 & Blockchain: Ethereum, Hardhat, Truffle, MetaMask, Ethers.js, Web3.js, IPFS, Ganache WORK EXPERIENCE Sunday Tech July 2024 - November 2024 Backend Developer Intern Designed and developed RESTful APIs using Node.js and Express to support various application functionalities. Designed robust data models and queries using Sequelize ORM, ensuring efficient interaction with SQL databases. Implemented security best practices, input validation, authentication, and authorization, to safeguard API endpoints. Devtown, Bangalore Feb 2024 - March 2024 Full Stack Developer Intern Designed and deployed scalable web applications using React.js(redux for state management), Express and Nodejs and collaborated with senior developers to refine backend development skills. Leveraged Postman for comprehensive API testing and validation, ensuring seamless integration and functionality across the web application. Integrated Google Cloud Services to create a full-stack application by connecting a storage account to a function app and SQL DB/Server. EDUCATION Nanasaheb Mahadik College of Engineering Nov 2022 - Jun 2026 B.E. in Computer Science and Engineering CGPA: 7.35 / 10 Relevant Coursework: OOP, Data Structures, Operating Systems PROJECT WORK Maid Finder Ethereum, Full Stack Built a decentralized platform connecting households with nearby maids using Ethereum smart contracts for secure bookings. Integrated Web3.js and Metamask to enable wallet-based authentication and transparent, trustless transactions. Focusift Next.js, Typescript, PostgreSQL, Tailwind CSS Engineered a productivity web application to track focused work sessions and interruptions, utilizing browser APIs for real-time monitoring. Implemented interactive dashboards to visualize daily and weekly focus patterns, aiding users in identifying concentration trends. Integrated a recommendation engine that suggests effective focus techniques based on community feedback (likes/dislikes), reducing trial-and-error for users. Sahaay Golang Designed and developed Sahaay - a disaster support and missing person coordination platform aimed at helping indi- viduals connect and request assistance in areas with limited or no internet access. Addressed the critical challenge of disrupted communication during natural disasters by utilizing multicast DNS (mDNS) for local network-based device discovery and communication. Built with a robust stack: Go for efficient backend services, Next.js and TypeScript for dynamic frontend rendering, PostgreSQL for reliable data handling, and Tailwind CSS for clean, responsive UI. Enabled users in the same local network (e.g., relief centers, rescue camps) to report missing persons or request aid, even in the absence of internet connectivity. AWARDS AND CERTIFICATES 1st Rank Holder, College: Secured top position consistently across semesters for academic excellence. 1st Prize, Intercollege Avishkaar Tech Fest: Secured top position among multiple colleges for an innovative technical project and coding challenge AIWOS Organization: Ranked among top 250 participants nationally and received an INR 2000 bounty for MaidFinder