KOLAKANMI APANISILE aoksile@gmail.com +14034654335 I Vancouver, Canada Senior software engineer with 5+ years of experience in the full development cycle. Proficient in building scalable applications and distributed systems. Experience writing and ensuring tests cover feature edge cases. TECHNICAL SKILLS Experience with algorithm and data structures. Experience with Golang, Node.js, SQL (PostgresQL, MSSQL, MySQL). Experience with Typescript, JavaScript (Vue.js, React.js, Nuxt.js, Next.js). Experience with Git, Docker, RabbitMQ, gRPC, AWS SNS & SQS. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Technical Lead Senior Software Engineer April '22 - till date Grey Finance https://app.grey.co Technologies: Golang, PostgreSQL, Git, Docker, RabbitMQ, gRPC Implemented Crypto deposits and withdrawals via Ethereum, BSC and Solana blockchain. Built APIs using Golang. Restructured the monolithic system to microservices. Worked on reducing response time by about 32%. Building APIs for foreign payments and currency conversion. Writing design documentation for features. Collaborating with frontend engineers and designers, product team through active listening, communication, knowledge sharing and leadership. Carefully designed, built and tested new features that have been rolled out for public use. Built features in line with business goals. Fixing production bugs in an efficient and timely manner. Senior Software Engineer April '22 - Aug '22 CreatorStack Inc. https://www.creatorstack.com Technologies: Golang, Typescript, PostgreSQL, Git, Kubernetes, SQS & SNS, graphQL Built APIs using Golang and node.js (Typescript). Implemented a caching layer between APIs and postgres repository. Wrote design docs for using AWS SQS & SNS to handle queueing of messages. Re-implemented authentication and authorization logic to reduce authentication time of fans by 24%. Suggested and built initial implementation of using gRPC for inter-service communication. Senior Software Engineer Feb '21 - Mar'22 Ninjavan logistics, Singapore https://ninjavan.co Technologies: Golang, MySQL, TypeScript, Next.js, Docker Built APIs using Golang. Restructured the internal employee goals and KPI system used by over 4000 employees. Led the team to increase test coverage to over 80% on both the frontend and backend. Introduced a system for cleaning up spaghetti code. Increased database efficiency by 38%. Removed boilerplate code that was slowing down the system. Building APIs for placing orders and managing deliveries using Golang. Built the KPI page for employees with Next.js. Frontend Engineer May'19 - Jan'21 SenexPay https://senexpay.com Technologies: Nuxt.js, Typescript, SCSS Built the landing page, user and admin dashboard. Collaborated with design, product and backend team to bring the UI to live. Built the web interface using Nuxt.js, Typescript, HTML, SCSS. Wrote unit tests to ensure components meet business criteria Software Engineer Dec'18 - Feb '22 Sterling Bank Technologies: Golang, MSSQL, Docker, Azure Built a loan application aimed at improving the educational system using Golang. Integrated with core banking APIs. Collaborating with design, frontend and product teams. Wrote an algorithm for calculating and processing loans based on user's eligibility. Wrote unit tests and e2e tests for the application. Collaborated with devOps to ensure containerization was running well. Frontend Engineer - Voluntary Jun '18 - Dec '18 Human Development Charity Foundation Technologies: Vue.js, SCSS Developed the web app of a charity organization using Vue.js Maintained the codebase of the application Software Engineer Oct '17 - Dec '18 Elis Academy Technologies: Golang, React.js, SCSS, PostgreSQL Built the APIs of the school management system from scratch using Golang. Built the web interface of the school management system using React.js. Implemented payment gateway to allow parents pay their children/ward school fees within the application. EDUCATION B Sc. Petroleum and Gas Engineering University of Lagos