Ahmed Ehab ahmed.ehab5010@gmail.com I +971544461862 I +201114734723 I ahmedehab.com linkedin.com/in/ahmed-ehab-swe I github.com/ahmed-e-abdulaziz Summary Lead Software Engineer with 8+ years of experience in Go, Java, React, Angular, distributed systems, observability, cloud-native platforms, and event-driven architecture. Led up to 10 engineers in the delivery of high-profile systems processing 1B+ daily events, as well as platforms serving 10M+ active users. Demonstrated the ability to design microservices, create enterprise integrations, and develop observability stacks while also leading global organizations such as Upwork, Ford, and DXC in engineering excellence. Skills Technologies: Go (Golang), React, Kubernetes, Kafka, JavaScript, Typescript, Java, Angular, Spring, Docker, Redis, Jenkins, SQL, PostgreSQL, MySQL, Camunda, Git, Prometheus, Grafana, AWS, GCP, Azure. Software Engineering: Observability, UML, OOP, TDD, Agile Methodology (Scrum/Kanban), OWASP, OAuth 2.0, Microservices, Design Patterns, Database Design, Cloud, DevOps, Event-driven Systems, Distributed Systems. Education Helwan University - BSc. in Computer Science Jul 2017 Experience Lead Software Engineer, Hunter Douglas Jan 2025 - Present Global leader in window coverings with 20,000+ employees across more than 100 countries. Lead for the core sales and dealer management platform at Brite Sales, ingesting 1B+ data points per day for 50K+ power users: sales, dealers, and upper management alike. Led a 10-engineer team, setting engineering and architecture decisions, standards, and delivery processes. Led major engineering efforts, including a gRPC integration test framework, Go/Kafka libraries, and improvement of developer productivity. Conducted technical interviews and onboarded 7 engineers, accelerating team ramp-up and increasing efficiency. Senior Software Engineer, Upwork Jan 2023 - Jan 2025 Upwork is the world's largest work marketplace. I worked on the Upwork Integration Platform team for developing a unified platform for the integration of Upwork with various Enterprise applications, including Workday and Greenhouse. Delivered 8 enterprise integrations between Upwork and systems like Workday, Greenhouse, and SAP Ariba. Led 3 integrations work by owning the requirements, API analysis, architecture, and planning for successful GA. Built 12 Prometheus/Grafana dashboards, improving production support response time by 80%. Senior Software Engineer, Ford Motor Company (Autonomic) Jun 2021 - Jan 2023 Autonomic, folded into Ford, developed the Transportation Mobility Cloud, a cloud platform for the automotive industry. Contributed to and customized forks of major Go-based OSS tools: Cortex Metrics, Grafana, Thanos. Designed more than 26 dashboards, ensuring 99.9% uptime for critical mobility services used by vehicles worldwide. Participated in GCP migration from AWS, reducing cost by 27%. Kafka event-driven Insight services developed using Java/Kotlin, improving event processing performance by 20%, reducing production issues by 75%. Led 4 engineering initiatives on researching and breaking down business features, and conducting KT on them. Senior Full-stack Engineer, SIGMA EMEA Nov 2019 - Jun 2021 SIGMA EMEA is a software services and IT consultancy firm focused on the telecom sector. Led a 4-engineer team delivering 3 telecom projects (Java/Spring + Angular) supporting 20M+ monthly active users. Led client meetings, ensuring alignment and project delivery for major telecom customers. Championed DevOps adoption and created 14 Jenkins pipelines, which increased deployment frequency by 600%. Software Engineer, DXC Mar 2018 - Nov 2019 8 microservices and 14+ features for the Belgian government justice system and an EU fuel retailers SaaS platform. Worked across Java, Spring, Angular, Kubernetes, and Docker to deliver reliable end-to-end services. Junior Software Engineer, Marased Technology Jul 2017 - Mar 2018 I worked there on Maneh 2.0, a donation management system. Developed 7 modules using Java, Spring, and JSF. Notable Projects Brite: Hunter Douglas' platform for day-to-day operations, serving thousands of employees and millions of customers. Led a team of 10 developers, developed multiple services, did KTs, planned engineering initiatives, and more. Tech: Go (Golang), gRPC, ArgoCD, Kafka, Kubernetes, Azure, Terraform, GitHub Actions, PostgreSQL, Redis. Integration Platform: The layer between the Upwork service and enterprise software, such as Workday, Greenhouse, or SAP Ariba. It abstracts and decouples the communication between Upwork and third-party systems. I applied 85%+ code coverage, superb code quality, and a focus on high-quality architecture for new integrations. Tech: Go (Golang), Gin, Java, Spring, Kafka, PostgreSQL, Grafana, Prometheus, Workato, Camunda BPMN. TMC Platform (Observability team): The observability stack/projects provide various insights into how services work and interact. The Autonomic platform serves, monitors, and controls over 9 million cars daily through multiple means, and each command passes through our systems through Kafka Streams. I enforced TDD with 90%+ code coverage and followed Agile methodology. Worked with tasks varying from backend development to Kubernetes, Grafana, and Prometheus for monitoring purposes, plus consuming Kafka Streams. Tech: Go (Golang), Gin, Java, Kotlin, Kafka Streams, Kubernetes, Grafana, Prometheus, Cortex, PostgreSQL. My-WE: Wireless Egypt (WE) is a major telecommunications company and the biggest ISP in Egypt; this application serves its large 10 million+ registered customers through my.te.eg. Backend and frontend work. Led 4 junior/fresh full-stack developers, set the best practices and CI/CD pipelines, conducted continuous code reviews, and held meetings with the client and BA. Tech: Java, Angular 12+, PrimeNG, Jenkins, Spring, Oracle DB, Nginx, Linux, Docker, Redis. DCMP: Digital Cards and Mobility Platform is a SaaS platform for B2B customers of oil companies, fuel retailers, and related service providers using a fuel card for fuel and other on-road services Tech: Java, Spring, Jenkins, Microservices, PostgreSQL, JUnit, SQL, Mockito, Agile, TDD (80% code coverage). SIPAR 2: It is a system that manages the federal justice department in the Flemish government of Belgium. The team followed the Agile Scrum methodology. 14 justice courts and 1000+ civil servants use this system. Tech: Java, SQL, Spring, Hibernate, PostgreSQL, TestNG, Mockito/PowerMock, AngularJS.