Siddhartha Dhakal Biratnagar, Nepal - (977) 9862957010 - Email - Github - Portfolio Skills Languages: Go, C, C#, Ruby and Elixir (Mostly go) Backend: RestAPI, WebSockets, PostgreSQL, Protobuf Tools: Git, Docker, Kubernetes, CI/CD Extras: SSH servers, CLI & TUI development, Language design, Protocol implementations, Game development Projects 1. The MMO: Made a massive multiplayer game in golang. Gameplay is basic but the server architecture is setted up in such a way to handle millions of concurrent users in a single lobby. Github && Live. Used Golang as for the server and used godot for the client, both communicates via websocket and share states and other persistent data with protobuff. 2. Tui SSH App: Made a terminal based app that can be accessed with SSH. Used bubbletea for the TUI part and used wish for handling the ssh stuff. Containerized the app with docker to prevent abuse of the ssh access. Also, added github CI for running tests, vet and linting per commit Github 3. Interpreter: Following the book by 'THORSTEN BALL' made an interpreter for a nepali based programming language. As of current, the project has a complete working lexer, a complete parser, and an evaluator. Mostly the project can be accessed with a cli REPL. Github 4. HTTP-Server: Made my own custom implementation of HTTP protocol in golang using only the golangs standard library. This HTTP server utilizes a modular approach that can fit into user choice. This has taught me a lot about the design decision behind the go net/ht package Github 5. LSP-Server: Made a Isp server in golang especially targeted around neovim. This 'educational' Isp provides things like code completion, code diagnostics, debugging support and code actions. During this, I found out that editor communicates with a basic http request and response cycle with the Isp-server to provide magical features in them. Github 6. Mail Dispatcher: Made an email dispatcher using golang. It takes the user names and emails via a CSV file(not convenient, I know) and forwards a user email of choice to them in a matter of seconds. Before the performance was really bad even with golang's amazing concurrency but later due to the implementation of buffered channels. The project managed to get a 150% performance boost and also was able to come under the range of rate-limiting. Github Many Rest API's like url shortener (Github), ai powered job inclusivity filterer (Github) and many CRUD platforms (Github for one of 'em), most crud apps were for hackathons, 4 of them I have won too. Many RTC applications with websockets and sometimes with webRTC. (Github for one) Preferences: I prefer to read documentation, books and blog posts over watching tutorials. I don't like vibe coding my way out of the project. I don't prefer bloated software, keep my setup and devflow minimal for maximum productivity. Always want to keep myself engaged in learning new concepts, have recently started understanding and gaining interest with distributed systems. Open Source Have contributed to many open-source projects like PipeCD, Packwiz and UpdateCli