TRIPTI SINGH triptisd99@gmail.com 7017770923 Leetcode LinkedIn Github Experience Software Engineer Aug 2024 - Apr 2025 Accenture Solutions Pvt Ltd Pune, India Optimized backend services using Java & Spring Boot, improving API response time by 30% and ensuring 98% uptime for 500K+ daily requests. Designed scalable RESTful APIs and optimized SQL queries, reducing database latency by 40%. Tech Stack: Java, Spring Boot, RESTful APIs, MySQL, CI/CD, Jenkins. Software Engineer Intern Nov 2023 - Dec 2023 TechSolve Solutions Remote Collaborated with a team of 4 to implement a RESTful API using Node.js and Express, ensuring seamless data flow between the frontend and backend. Tech Stack: React.js, TailwindCSS, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB. Software Engineer Intern July 2023 - Aug 2023 Samsung Research Institute Remote Developed software to automate over 500 virtual router switches. Collecting data and required states with a 93% accuracy rate, reducing manual monitoring time by 90%. Tech Stack: Java, Spring Boot, Linux, SSH, Kubernetes, Docker. Projects BuchladenAPI Link Go, Gin, MySQL, GORM, Postman This bookstore API functions as a CRUD system, empowering users to effectively manage and search for information related to various books within a store based on their unique identifier. The API offered search capabilities, allowing users to query books based on criteria such as ISBN, title, author, genre, publication year, etc. Advanced Password Generator Link I HTML, Tailwind CSS, React.js, Vite, React Hooks The application features a custom favicon and a sleek UI design. Utilized various React hooks including useCallback, useRef, useState, and useEffect to manage state and side effects efficiently. Additionally, implemented a convenient "COPY" button allowing users to easily copy the generated password to the clipboard in less than 0.1 seconds. Malaria Detection using AI Link I Review Paper Python, TensorFlow, Keras, OpenCV, LeNet, Snapshot Ensemble Used sample images of thin blood smears to automate the process of malaria detection. LeNet and Snapshot Ensemble were used with an accuracy of 94.84% and 99.32%, respectively. The review paper was published under Taylor & Francis Group (Link). Technical Skills Languages: C, C+ +, Java, Python, Go, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, MySQL, and PostgreSQL. Frameworks: ReactJs, Spring Boot, JPA, Hibernate, JDBC, Spring MVC, React Native and OpenCV. Developer Tools: Git, Linux, Postman, AWS, PowerBI, and MS Excel. Education Graphic Era Hill University Uttarakhand, India Bachelor of Technology (Computer Science and Engineering) - 9/10 Sep 2020 - June 2024 CourseWork: Data Structures and Algorithms, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Object - Oriented Programming, Compiler Design, Cryptography, Malaria Detection using AI, and more.