Aniket Maini Bangalore, Karnataka, India Software Engineer Lead +91-9501260151 PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY maini24aniket@gmail.com Software Engineer with 4+ years of experience building scalable, cloud-native microservices and backend platforms using Golang, Kubernetes (EKS), Kafka, and PostgreSQL. Skilled in platform engineering, distributed systems, and CI/CD automation with hands-on expertise in AWS and Ansible. Strong focus on performance, reliability, and secure coding practices, collaborating closely with SRE and infrastructure teams to deliver high-availability systems. EXPERIENCE SKILLS Capgemini (Cisco), Bangalore - Software Engineer Lead My skills include a deep knowledge of Go, Dec 2023 PRESENT Microservices, Postgres,API, PIAM revolves around a centralized platform for access and policy management Kafka, Java ,Docker, within the Cisco security products ecosystem. This includes integration of Kubernetes, Grafana and various Cisco products, such as Secure Access, Cisco AnyConnect, and Cisco Kibana I am proficient in XDR, under a unified IAM management system to streamline access control and policy enforcement, ensuring consistent security measures and user experiences. Secure Coding SDLC and Agile Gathered requirements, crafted architectural designs, and conducted proof of Methodology, which ensures that concepts (PoCs) to validate solution feasibility I deliver high-quality code that Designing and developing scalable backend services using microservices meets the most rigorous security architecture. standards. Spearheaded the design and development of scalable backend services and APIs using microservices architecture. Languages: Go / Golang, Java Working on maintaining context-service, Context Service provides a complete picture of an asset (users, devices, applications, workloads and networks) with Framework: SpringBoot, Hibernate, collective information from multiple sources. Gin, ReactJS Led context-service in migrating from on-prem Kubed environment to Data Processing: MySQL, Amazon EKS. PostgreSQL, Kafka Designed and implemented kafka-based event-driven architecture in Go modules to decouple microservices and ensure scalable and resilient Data Visualization: Grafana communication between distributed systems. Used Kibana to visualize all the logs and inspect production scenarios. Technologies: GIT, Jenkins, AWS, Postman, Ansible, Kubernetes Setup monitoring, alerting tools using Grafana. Worked on bringing up the concurrent flows in Golang using Go Routines, go Other: Test Driven Development, channels etc. Unit Testing, Functional Programming, Microservice Architected and deployed scalable, multi-tenant microservices on Development, Agile Method, Kubernetes (EKS) using Golang and Kafka, ensuring performance, Eclipse, VS Code, Mockery, Linux reliability, and security. systems, Strong problem solving Gave demos to the PMs for the newly built features. skills Used to mentor new joinees in the project. Used to resolve technical issues according to industry trends. LANGUAGES Conducted code reviews and played a key role in improving code quality and team productivity. English (Full Proficiency Technologies Used: Go / Golang, Java, Gin, Spring Boot, PostgreSQL, GIT, AWS, Postman, Docker, Kafka, Kubernetes, JUnit, Mockery, Mockito, Grafana, Kibana, Github Actions French (DELF B1 Certified) HCL Tech (Office Depot), Noida - Software Engineer 2 Aug 2022 Dec 2023 Hindi (Native) Worked as a Software Engineer at Office Depot, contributing to the development and enhancement of technology solutions that support retail Punjabi ( Native operations and customer experience. Worked on an e-commerce domain, we developed a new pipeline for Office Depot's platform using Go / Golang, Gin Gonic, PostgreSQL, GIT, Jenkins, AWS. Created a microservice architecture to fetch and process customer data. Set up new APIs and microservices according to the requirements. Ensured code coverage of at least 90% for all services. Responsible for onboarding new team members. Technologies Used: Go / Golang, Gin, PostgreSQL, GIT, Jenkins, AWS, Postman, Ansible HCL Tech (IBM), Noida - Software Engineer 1 Apr 2021 Aug 2022 Worked as a Software Engineer for IBM Maximo, focusing on enhancing and maintaining enterprise asset management solutions to optimize asset lifecycle and operational efficiency for global industries. Worked on an enterprise asset management app, we developed a web-based enterprise asset management solution based on client requirements. Contributed to the development of the technician app. Resolved approximately 2 bugs daily across multiple Maximo apps. Wrote Unit and functional tests for developed functionality. Developed and executed Test Cases/Test Plans to ensure objectives were met. Conducted quality testing across browsers, devices, and OS in connected and disconnected modes. Performed Web Automation using TestNg and Selenium server. Started on Golang training. Created new projects in Golang. Technologies used: Java, Spring Boot, Java Script, Chrome Dev Tools, MySQL, Postman, Android App Studio, Golang EDUCATION University of Petroleum and Energy Studies (UPES), Dehradun Bachelor of Technology (B. Tech) in Computer Science - with Specialization in Cloud Computing and Virtualization Technology ( 7.76 CGPA) Aug 2017 Apr 2021