Bhushan Nawale Software Engineer bhushannawale23@gmail.com 9890881668 in bhushan-nawale-8a93681a7 EDUCATION Shri Guru Gobind Singhji Institute Of Engineering B.Tech - Computer Science and Engineering - 8.5 August 2017 June 7 WORK EXPERIENCE Tezminds Pvt Ltd Software Engineer January 2023 - Present Developed backend services for a comprehensive CRM tool using Go (Golang), focusing on modular and scalable architecture. Built key CRM features including Entity Management, File Manager, Flow Builder, Email Builder, and Analytics Dashboards to empower end-users with flexible data handling and insights. Developed and maintained multi-channel campaign management functionality for email and phone outreach, enhancing customer engagement and marketing effectiveness. Engineered robust integrations with external CRM platforms such as Salesforce, Klaviyo, and HubSpot to enable seamless data synchronization and workflow automation. Collaborated closely with frontend, QA, and product teams in an Agile environment to deliver high-quality backend solutions with a focus on performance, scalability, and reliability. Raja Software Labs Software Engineer August 2021 - January 2023 Designed and maintained a robust backend service in Go(Golang) to support smart home device management (cameras, thermostats, smoke detectors). Worked on custom Bluetooth pairing protocol for secure and user-friendly camera setup. Proactively diagnosed and resolved critical crashes and performance bottlenecks, improving app stability and user experience. Worked in an Agile environment alongside QA engineers, product managers, and UX designers to deliver timely updates and new features. PROJECTS Field Services— Web-based platform for on-demand home services Developed RESTful backend APIs using Django to support service search, real-time availability, booking management, and secure user authentication (JWT) with well- structured data models. Built the frontend using Angular, delivering a responsive, user-friendly interface for browsing, booking, and managing household service requests. SKILLS Languages: Golang, Java, Kotlin, Python, Javascript, C Frameworks: React.js, Django, React Native, Express.js, Spring Boot, REST API Cloud / Databases: Firebase, MySQL, MongoDB, AWS LEADERSHIP & EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES Coding Event Coordinator: College Tech Fest (2018, 2019) Organized and managed coding competitions, coordinating participants, judges, and event logistics to ensure smooth execution. Secretary, Maths Club (2018-2020) Led club meetings, coordinated events and workshops, and promoted math-related activities to engage and support fellow students.