ULISES FLYNN ulises.flynn@gmail.com 801.472.5544 15192 S. Skyfall Drive, Bluffdale UT 84065 WORK EXPERIENCE ENGINEERING MANAGER June 2022 - Current Weave Dynamic and results-driven manager providing technical leadership and driving revenue growth. Spearheaded a 5-person engineering team (2 front-end engineers, 3 back-end engineers) to deliver high-impact product releases, significantly enhancing payments revenue. Orchestrated the integration of new Stripe functionalities, resulting in a 40% increase in revenue. Introduced a Payment Plan feature to the Weave Payments platform, attracting new customers and driving platform adoption. Reduced support backlog tickets from 75 to nearly zero, markedly improving resolution times and customer satisfaction. Revitalized the performance of three underperforming engineers through strategic mentoring and continuous feedback. Collaborated extensively with Product and Design leaders to prioritize tasks and ensure clear, goal-aligned project definitions. STAFF SOFTWARE ENGINEER November 2021 - June 2022 Weave Technical Leader providing expert technical guidance and leadership to elevate the team. Mentored back-end engineers on best practices and code quality during code reviews. Unblocked stalled work by pairing with engineers, revitalizing tasks that had been idle for almost two months. Refactored payments invoice syncing, reducing missing invoices by 70%. Resolved issues with Apple Pay integration and improved demo accounts, aiding sales efforts. Developed new services for integration with a Buy Now Pay Later provider. STAFF SOFTWARE ENGINEER July 2020 - November 2021 FireEye Played a pivotal role in the successful launch of the Mandiant Advantage SaaS offering. Enhanced legacy Python applications to handle higher workloads efficiently. Implemented a Redis caching layer, significantly speeding up API performance. Developed custom wrk2 scripts for performance benchmarking of legacy APIs. Transitioned authentication and authorization code from a legacy system to Go. Designed and developed a reverse proxy to manage backend API traffic, improving metrics and enabling seamless replacement of outdated systems. Acted as interim team lead during organizational restructuring, ensuring team stability and progress. STAFF SOFTWARE ENGINEER September 2018 - July 2020 Walmart Labs Core contributor to the Edge API backend tool used by all of Walmart's internal tenants. Developed APIs for purging caches of Akamai, Cloudflare, and Limelight CDNs. Created interfaces for internal services to enhance the Edge product's functionality. Managed infrastructure tasks, including creating Azure VMs, docker containers, and using Salt for deployment orchestration. Debugged and resolved production issues, implementing hotfixes as necessary. Assisted and mentored teammates through pairing sessions, code reviews, and design meetings. SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER May 2018 - September 2018 Nav Provide engineering lift to integrations team to complete Clover integration. Review and provide feedback on various merge requests for team members. Integration with Clover API via webhooks to provide merchant data to frontend systems via Kafka and NSQ. Mentor a developer on the team and pair with them on roadblocks they encountered in their tasks. Review and provide feedback on various merge requests for team members. SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER November 2015 - May 2018 Travelpass Group Led integrations with Braintree and American Express to enhance billing functionality. Developed a backend service to allow the business to process credit card transactions using Braintree and American Express services. Developed a price drop service to alert customers of lower prices from their original hotel bookings. Developed a loyalty service to handle earning/redeeming of loyalty points though our site. Developed various backend services to support the Travelpass Group Mobile App. Collaborated with team to update the software group's build and deployment process to use Docker, Travis CI, and the AWS stack. SOFTWARE ENGINEER February 2014 - December 2015 Rakuten Marketing Build and maintain high performance backend web services. Developed a reverse-proxy application using Go for reconciliation and validation used in testing changes made before rolling out new servers. Replaced a legacy system written in Perl to Go. Focused on precise matching of functionality from the original system. Added new features changes and bug fixes to existing production servers and tracking systems. SOFTWARE ENGINEER July 2012 - February 2014 United States Air Force Support the F-16 Operational Flight Program in releasing new software updates to the F-16 Fighter Jet. Created an Ada parser using ANTLR4 to allow enable syntax highlighting and other features in the graphical IDE tool used by OFP engineers. Maintained and created lisp scripts for the Quicksilver/Interleaf documentation tool used by the Systems Test Engineers. Added new features and bug fixes to various applications and scripts that are used by the various F-16 subsystems. SOFTWARE ENGINEER September 2009 - July 2012 Lockheed Martin Corporation Support the F-16 Operational Flight Program in releasing new software updates to the F-16 Fighter Jet. Added new software features to the Block 30 and 50 Software tools written in various languages such as Java, C, C++, C#, Perl, as well as maintained system scripts. Created an IDE tool used by the Block 50 OFP engineers to manage configuration management, building of the Ada code to both hardware and simulation environments. Enhanced and maintained all build tools for the Block 50 OFP including Green Hills RTOS tools, and scripts to deliver an OFP to the field. SOFTWARE ENGINEER January 2008 - September 2009 Lockheed Martin Corporation Develop Weight and Balance software for use by the United States Air Force. Added new features to existing C++ MFC based Automated Form F (AFF) software. Ported existing AFF software from Visual C++ to .Net C#. Added new C# libraries for the Automated Weight and Balance System (AWBS) to reconcile common functionality into one area. Created automated tests for C# applications using VBScript in HP's QuickTest Pro. Provided training classes to Air Force Personnel in regards to Weight and Balance, and use of the AFF Software, as well as AWBS software. EDUCATION B.S. COMPUTER ENGINEERING December 2007 Brigham Young University MACHINE LEARNING COURSERA CERTIFICATE December 2013