Reg Proctor Tel: 480-818-4888, Location: Tempe, AZ, Email: applied@RegProctor.com ONLINE Resume: https://www.RegProctor.com Drupal profile: https://drupal.org/u/reg Linkedln: https://www.linkedin.com/in/reg-proctor ANSWERS TO COMMON QUESTIONS: I am: Not a veteran, not disabled, white male, in Tempe, AZ. Fine working on a different timezone schedule. A US citizen/have no obstructions to working in America. And: Looking for remote job but don't mind some travel with it. Rate: Market/negotiable. Best times to talk: Roughly 10:00 onward AZ time. Preferred to be called Reg (pronounced Rej), legal name Reginal Proctor. Do not hold but have no problems with getting a security clearance. SYNOPSIS Starting off with over a decade of Windows programming followed by embracing the Open Source community, I have an unusual (and very useful) breadth and depth of programming (and I.T.) experience across unrelated technologies. I specialize in websites with special functionality and have extensive experience in Drupal customizations. My Drupal profile (Reg) is at http://drupal.org/user/63409 and you will see I have been a member for over 10 years with a long history of contributions to the community. Also building expertise in GoLang, and have been working on a few multiprocessor, multi-threading applications along with about of making a couple of UI technologies work with it. Briefly I started off with hardware design with low level programming (assembly) followed by over a decade of Windows programming followed by embracing the Open Source community which at this point I have far more experience in than in Windows programming. I am experienced in back-end development, integrations and front-end development. Also, for my own education I set-up and managed Linux web and mail servers for a time. As a seasoned professional I make it my business not to be a cliché developer by being easy to get along with and at least somewhat knowledgeable in most aspects of business outside my own expertise. I am ideally setup for working remotely as efficiently as is possible as you can see from the images at the end. EXPERIENCE Software development: 25+ years. HIGHLIGHTS Completed many projects from beginning to end (individually and in teams) including websites, utility apps. and commercial Windows software Team leader experience (ran teams of several developers) Able to "hit the ground running" Software U.I. expertise since and web U.I. expertise for decades Excellent troubleshooting skills Work well in teams and hitting deadlines Extensive Drupal, CMS & database experience AWARDS 1990 Australian Design Award for cash book accounting software (written in Assembly) with the highest aggregate of points of any product put to the Australian Design Council up to that time. CURRENT TECHNOLOGIES - in which I have proficiency: Web: Full Stack Developer, LAMP, AJAX/JavaScript, HTML/CSS, Drupal/PHP/Various JS libraries Linux: Extensive scripting, various utilities Windows: VBA for Excel Page 1 of 8 Reg Proctor Tel: 480-818-4888, Location: Tempe, AZ, Email: applied@RegProctor.com HISTORY (old stuff) OF TECHNOLOGIES-in which I have or had proficiency: Year Technology Long ago Interpreter BASIC Long ago Assembly (NSC800 / Z80 / 80x86) Long ago Paradox for Windows Long ago Visual Basic (VB) Long ago VBA (Word, Excel, Access) 1998 SQL 2000 HTML / JavaScript 2001 XML 2002 LAMP (Linux / Apache / MySQL / PHP) 2005 VB.net 2005 Drupal, CSS2, open source 2007 AJAX, jQuery, other JavaScript libraries 2008 Linux - deep knowledge gained through custom building and using Linux servers & workstations 2012 HTML 5/CSS3 2014 AngularJS, Bootstrap 2016 Drupal 8/9 (twig and various new technologies added since Drupal 7) Means too long ago to suggest I remember details. Consider it one of those things that if there was a Long ago requirement it would be like "riding the proverbial bike" after 20+ years. TECHNOLOGIES-New: GoLang (enjoyable) Pine Script (interesting) IBM MQ (high performance) Automating and Integrating Jira with other systems AI Using, haven't trained one yet. Various AWS systems TECHNOLOGIES-in which I have some experience: ActiveX, IIS, ASP, TCL, Access, MS-SQL, ODBC, RPC, OLE, C/C++, FileMaker Pro, PASCAL, COPS (4bit processor), 68xx, BIOS & device drivers (wrote company's own drivers etc. for custom hardware) TECHNOLOGIES-which I work with on/off: Various web/Drupal related technologies: varnish, solr, SCSS/SASS, redis, memcached, opcache, APC Drupal e-commerce modules I've implemented: E-commerce, Ubercart, Commerce TECHNOLOGIES-GoLang (fairly new so worth a special mention): While Drupal has been or is my mainstay technology, I was working with Go not too long ago because it's fast and it's written for multiprocessing from the ground up, and, it's fun (I like languages with strong theoretical fundamentals). Some of the things I have done are: Nexus Client Connector: System Tray app. With minimal UI for receiving trading signals from its server via WebSocket Protocol and passing them onto the MetaTrader. Runs on Windows, Linux, Apple, using the fyne UI system. Nexus Server receives REST signals from TradingView (or anywhere with the right format) and passes them onto connected clients via the WebSocket Protocol. A Core: Set of functions that can be pulled into any project to speed things up including: Versioning, custom logger, custom validation, database connections and so on. Trading Analyzer: Most interesting thing about this is using the GTK UI kit for a UI. A couple of apps. that ran as a service: updating a database with latest data from various over the web paid sources. A small web interface server: for a handful of options to control a server. PROJECTS Approx 50+ projects covering a wide-range of applications including: Self Just threw my resume up with the latest Drupal (I took it down for a while so I didn't have to maintain it) to see what's new in Drupal 11. I worked on Drupal 9 and 10 at Common Sense Media which was the last versions before I shifted to other things for a while. Fortunately it's mostly just incremental changes (as expected), there was nothing I could see that was a fundamental shift (like there was from 7 to 8). Page 2 of 8