Anna Verkhogliadova Backend Engineer Luxembourg, Luxembourg I +(352)661173309 I annaverkhogliadova25@gmail.com I Linkedln SUMMARY: Backend Developer with 3 years of experience in developing and maintaining high-load systems. Migrated core services from monolith to microservices, optimized data processing with ClickHouse, and improved inter-service communication using gRPC. Strengthened monitoring and test coverage, ensured reliable releases. TECH SKILLS: Golang I PostgreSQL I gRPC I RESTful API I Git I GitLab I RabbitMQ I Docker I Grafana Prometheus I Jira Redis MongoDB SOFT SKILLS: Teamwork and collaboration I Adaptability I Time management I Continuous learning I Problem-solving LANGUAGES: Russian (native), English (B2) PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE MTS Evolve (Aug 2022 - to the present day) Remote A cloud platform for automating customer communications via calls, messages, and APIs Middle Backend Developer (Oct 2023 - to the present day) Migrated 9 key services for resource management (numbers, applications, media, callback, automated robot for calls and SMS notifications) from monolithic architecture to microservices, increasing system reliability and thereby improving project maintainability and enabling horizontal scaling to handle growing user demand. Implemented gRPC proto contracts, improving communication efficiency between microservices. Created and maintained technical documentation, which streamlined onboarding of new team members and improved knowledge sharing, reducing ramp-up time and minimizing knowledge gaps. Wrote unit tests and automated tests in Python, significantly increasing test coverage and ensuring higher release quality. Actively applied Agile methodology (Scrum/Kanban) in daily workflow, ensuring predictable delivery and transparency. Performed releases in pre-production and production environments, ensuring stability and minimizing downtime. Took on team lead responsibilities: task distribution, workload planning, and story analysis, which improved team efficiency and delivery predictability. Junior Backend Developer (Aug 2022 - Oct 2023) Developed a service for delivering statistics to the platform's clients, which enabled customers to access real-time insights and improved decision-making. Designed and integrated functionality for storing call recordings in the S3 Minio file storage ensuring reliable data retention, scalability, and easier access for analysis. Contributed to the development of services responsible for inserting data into the ClickHouse database, which improved ingestion efficiency, ensured data consistency, and enhanced overall system reliability. Rewrote the driver for worker-ClickHouse interaction, increasing event insertion speed by 40%. Enhanced monitoring and logging processes, thereby improving error detection speed. Created Grafana dashboards based on existing metrics and technical requirements to provide real-time visibility into system performance and support faster incident resolution. EDUCATION BA in Cadastral Engineering. Penza State University of Architecture and Civil Engineering Penza, Russia (2017 - 2022) CERTIFICATION/COURSES/LICENSES Profession Java developer: Java, SQL, Spring - Certificate. SkillFactory, 2021 From Scratch to Developing Modern Applications in Go - Certificate. Udemy, 2022 Kubernetes - Complete Course on Kubernetes - Certificate. Udemy, 2024