Thanvir Naeem Software Engineer Email: naeemthanvir@gmail.com Phone: (203) 668-7456 Location: Windsor, CT, USA GitHub: github.com/naeemthanvir Linkedln: www.linkedin.com/in/thanvir-naeem/ Technical Skills Front-End: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, TypeScript, React.js, Dart, Flutter Back-End: Go (Golang), Java, Spring Boot, PostgreSQL, MongoDB Tools & Technologies: Git, GitHub, GitLab, Jenkins, Udeploy, Jira Professional Experience Freelance Developer AUG 2023 - Present Built and maintained multiple websites for nonprofit organizations, managing end-to-end development from planning to deployment. Designed and developed responsive, user-friendly websites using WordPress, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Developed Shopify eCommerce stores from scratch, including theme customization, product setup, and payment integration. Improved SEO and user experience through structured content and metadata best practices. Enhanced store functionality with custom JavaScript, HTML, and CSS modifications. Ensured mobile-responsive designs and cross-browser compatibility. Software Engineer I Galaxe.E Solutions APR 2020 - AUG 2023 Build and maintain multiple enterprise-level pharmaceutical applications for our client Cigna using React.js and Material UI, improving application usability and performance. Built and maintained Galax.E hiring portal by developing responsive front-end interfaces with React.js Enhanced back-end functionality through integration and modification of existing REST services using Java Spring Boot Mentor junior developers on React.js and other front-end technologies. Actively participated in Agile sprints, ensuring timely delivery of features and effective collaboration with the product owner and scrum master. Front-End Developer I Worx Branding JAN 2020 - MAR 2020 Developed responsive websites for high-profile clients by translating design prototypes into production-ready web applications using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, WordPress, Concrete5, PHP. Worked with the design team to ensure the websites were user-friendly, visually appealing, and optimized for mobile and desktop views. Contributed to site updates and optimizations, ensuring that sites performed efficiently and were aligned with client specifications. Front-End Developer I Text Connects MAR 2018 - JUL 2019 Built and maintained eCommerce websites on the Shopify platform, ensuring responsive design and seamless user interactions. Collaborated closely with clients to implement custom site features and functionality using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Liquid. Optimize websites for performance, cross-browser compatibility, and mobile responsiveness. Education Bachelor of Science (B.S.) in Computer Science Southern Connecticut State University, 2019 Associate of Science (A.S.) in Computer Science Gateway Community College, 2016