Full Stack Developer Objective Demir Full-Stack Developer with 8+ years of experience in designing, Dermaku developing, and maintaining web applications and blockchain-based solutions. Proficient in Golang, JavaScript, TypeScript, PHP, Python and modern frontend frameworks like React.js and Next.js. Strong (Tsubota) expertise in MongoDB, MySQL, PostgreSQL and cloud infrastructure. Adept at building scalable backend services, RESTful APIs, and microservices. Passionate about writing clean, maintainable code, optimizing performance and decentralized technologies. Experience August 2024 Current Backend & Blockchain Developer Suportr LTD Suportr League is an innovative, UK-based, pre-revenue start-up focused on Play-To-Earn gaming for sports fans. Responsibilities Architecture design for the Suportr backend with presale. Developed the Suportr presale backend using Golang, Node.js, Docker, MySql, Prometheus and Grafana. Research and develop the smart contract should be used on the Suportr. Research about the TON blockchain technology. June 2024 Current Full-Stack & Blockchain Developer Tao blockchain community TaoEdge analyzes the Tao blockchain and other blockchain markets and provide information on the Tao community. Responsibilities Developed and maintained python daemon interacts with Tao blockchain to get blockchain on- chain data. Built React.js frontend applications with TypeScript to show the on-chain blockchain data. Integrate websocket to make frontend as progressive web app. Designed and optimized MongoDB databases. Deployed applications using Docker. August 2022 - December 2023 Blockchain Developer Adamnite Lab Adamnite is a public goods technology meant to allow anyone, anywhere to easily build fun, secure, and scalable decentralized applications. Responsibilities Developed Adamnite consensus algorithm with DPOS using golang. Implemented P2P infrastructure using libp2p library and RPC interface on Adamnite node. Deployed applications using Docker. Implemented the Adamnite block explorer backend using golang microservices and Kafka for communicating between microservices. March 2021 - July 2022 Full-Stack & Blockchain Developer Zilionixx Lab Zilionixx is a blockchain company based in Singapore and it was founded by Dr. Joe Luo. Responsibilities Developed and maintained scalable microservices using Golang. Built React.js & Next.js frontend applications with TypeScript. Designed and optimized MongoDB and PostgreSQL databases. Developed and deployed smart contracts for DeFi and NFT projects. Integrated Web3 wallets (MetaMask, WalletConnect, Trust Wallet). Optimized gas fees in Ethereum-based transactions and Zilionixx network. Implemented authentication using JWT, OAuth2, and blockchain-based identity management. Implemented CEX backend using golang and MySQL ACID. Trading logic was implemented concurrent programming for several trades and solve the race condition and bottleneck problem. Deployed applications using Docker & Kubernetes. November 2016 - February 2021 Cryptographer & Blockchain Developer Quras Lab Quras is a secret contract platform, first of its kind. Built on our own blockchain, Quras coin will provide absolute privacy protection and bring numerous benefits to loT to big data. Responsibilities Developed ZK-Snarks and Ring Signature on Quras blockchain engine using C# and C/C++. Developed and maintained Quras light node, RPC node and Full node using C#. Developed and maintained backend for Quras block explorer using golang and node.js. Developed and maintained Quras block explorer frontend using react.js. Experience Skills Interests Contact Go - 6 years Golang, Javascript, React, Problem solving on high dermakud98@gmail.com Javascript - 8 years Typescript, PHP, C/C++, traffic backend system and https://github.com/dotFund219 React - 6 years C# implementing https://www.linkedin.com/in/demir- Typescript - 5 years MongoDB, MySQL, microservices. dermaku-b48645317/ C/C++ 8 years PostgreSQL Researching on UI/UX C# 8 years Docker, Kubernetes, Web page Nginx, AWS, Firebase Blockchain technology & RabbitMQ, Kafka, Redis, Al Websocket