IKHIDE ODION Queens, NY I 347-723-7784 I ikhide1@yahoo.com Summary Accomplished Senior Software Engineer with over 10 years of experience building scalable, secure, and high-performing systems in diverse industries. Expertise in backend development, cloud computing, microservices, and software architecture. Proven ability to optimize systems for cost savings and performance, mentor teams, and drive successful project delivery. Experience Senior Software Engineer/Project Manager 07/2025 - Present Tools Used: EntralD, Golang, OpenAPI, AWS(S3, Lambda, Dynamodb, API Gateway) Cargill Manage the full lifecycle of application migration, encompassing information gathering through to cutover. Migrating on-premises applications to cloud environments, ensuring seamless transition and minimal disruption. Collaborate with teams to enhance operations and efficiency by collecting and analyzing data points. Provision resources in AWS and configure CI/CD pipelines for automated deployments. Senior Software Engineer 02/2024 to 06/2025 Tools Used: Golang, OpenAPI, AWS(S3, Lambda, Dynamodb, API Gateway), Jenkins Kunai (Contract) I Assigned to Capital One (Remote) Led initiatives to elevate testing maturity. Stabilized three codebases by implementing a contribution strategy, git flow, unit/integration/end-to-end testing, automated provisioning and deployment through CI/CD, and observability practices to monitor application health. Utilize golang and OpenAPI specifications to accelerate API development and simultaneously provide comprehensive documentation. Designed and implemented reusable API client packages, accelerating engineering delivery by 30%. Senior/Lead Software Engineer 09/2019 to 12/2023 Tools Used: Golang, Python, Java, GCP (BigTable, BigQuery, PubSub, Dataflow, Airflow), Kubernetes, redis, Docker, Gitlab-ci, circleci, helm, terraform Wunderkind New York, NY Identity / Engineering Tooling / DevOps Improved developer productivity with smarter tooling. Refactored reusable API, instrumentation code into modular packages to promote reusability and maintainability Ensured the QA environment closely mirrored the production setup to enable accurate testing and validation Documented technical issues along with their corresponding solutions for future reference and knowledge sharing Eliminate technical debt with best practices and readable code. Advocated for and implemented Domain-Driven Design and layered architecture as standard development patterns to enhance codebase structure and maintainability Scaling APIs and platforms without downtime. Utilized high-throughput data stores Implemented event driven architecture Brought structure to disorganized DevOps & CI/CD. Standardized git flow Streamlined ci/cd Advocated for the adoption of laaS Taking ownership of complex projects from start to finish. Owned and managed the identity subsystem, which enables the identification of anonymous web traffic. Designed and launched a product that provides clients with insights into customers' online behavior, enabling more effective retargeting strategies. Mentored junior engineers through code reviews and pair programming, fostering skill development and team cohesion. Fixed inefficient and costly cloud infrastructure. Developed custom ETL pipeline, achieving $150,000 in cost savings Migrated some Golang workers to dataflow Solved legacy code challenges. Refactored complex code to improve readability, maintainability, and performance Prevent downtime and system failures. Deployed and managed services across multiple availability zones in both AWS and GCP Senior Software Engineer 09/2017 to 09/2019 Business Insider New York, NY Built a RESTful API powering businessinsider.com and insider.com, ensuring seamless integration between backend services and frontend applications. Collaborated with principal level engineers to redesigned and optimized Insider's subscription portal, improving scalability and user experience by 30%. Extended and maintained a distributed content syndication system, enabling reliable content delivery across multiple platforms. Assisted devops team with automation (ci/cd), infrastructure setup and observability. Mentored junior engineers in best practices, clean coding principles, and software design patterns. Education and Training Bachelor of Arts: Computer Science 2005 Hunter College New York, NY Certifications AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner AWS Certified SysOps Administrator (In Progress) Technical Skills Programming Languages: Golang, Python, Java, PHP, C++ Software Architecture: Domain-Driven Design, MVC, Layered Architecture, Event-Driven Architecture Cloud Providers: GCP, AWS DevOps Tools: Kubernetes, Docker, Terraform, Helm, Prometheus Agile Methodologies: Scrum, Kanban Databse: MySQL, PostgreSQL, mongodb, dynamodb, Bigtable, bigquery, mssql