Harshit Dixit +91 9569765152 harshitdixit65@gmail.com /www. linkedin Indian Summary Experienced Backend Developer with 4+ years of expertise in Golang and Java. Skilled building scalable, high performance distributed systems. Proficient in optimizing microservices, APIs, cloud environments, Docker containerization, and CI/CD pipelines. Strong understanding of data structures and algorithms, with proven track record of deploying solutions that meet high availability and performance standards Collaborates effectively with cross functional teams to drive technical decisions and features. Skills GOlang (Technology GIN MUX) JAVA (Technology JAVA With SpringBoot) Javascript (NodeJS, ExpressJS) Database(Mysql,Postgresql,Mongodb) Microservices Data Structures And Algo- REST APIs Experience With AWS Services Concurrency Nginx CICD Pipeline Docker K8s Experience SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER PERSISTENT SYSTEM BENGALURU AUG 2025 PRESENT Cisco Intersight cloud based management platform designed automate IT operations and improve infrastructure management, providing visibility, scalability, and performance insights for data centers and cloud environments. . As part of this project, contributed the development and optimization of backend services, ensuring high availability, and integrating APIs and microservices to support seamless operations. SENIOR SOF TWARE ENGINEER AUTHBRIDGE RESEARCH GURUGRAM INDIA 2022 JUL 2025 Designed and implemented RESTful APIs and microservices using GOLang GIN goroutine Working as senior dev for Teams Truthscreen microservices and web scraping strategy for the team and providing technical guidance. Designed and implemented Bulk Web Scraping Microservice using Golang gin, goroutines, and Activemq, ensuring efficient communication between Client and service. Refactored existing codebase following different design patterns to improve code quality and made more readable and easier to debug. Designed and implemented graph API for shared huge GST data for 10K+ monthly active users across 50+ organizations. Developed and deployed software update, resulting in a 30% reduction system errors and improving applic ation performance by 25% SOFTWARE ENGINEER DIGITAL CADRE APPVENTUREZ NOIDA, INDIA 2021 2022 Developed groovy script which monitors 30K cron jobs in production environment. Reduced manual monitoring significantly Write efficient, maintainable and reusable code prioritizing privacy and security. Refactored existing codebase following different design patterns to improve code quality and made more readable and easier t debug. Integrated monitoring dashboards and alerts on multiple services and APIs using datadog, Victoria Metrics and grafana. Debugged and optimised critical parts of codebase within SLA Mentored new joiners and interns and collaborated with multiple teams. Education B.TECH BBDNITM LUCKNOW INDIA JUL 2017 JUN 2021 Languages ENGLISH INTERMEDIATE HINDI INTERMEDIATE Projects Cisco Intersight Technology GOlang(GIN), adgen, oasdiff, microservices docker,HTML,css,js. Role e- Full-stack Developer Details Collaborated closely with Cisco to deliver robust infrastructure management solution, integrating key functionalitie for better system performance and scalability Designed and implemented high performance backend services, focusing seamless scalability and high availability Worked with distributed systems, leveraging technologies such as AWS, Kubernetes and Docker to deploy microservices effectively. CricPredic- . Technology GOlang(GIN), MySQL migration, microservices. docker,aws, GitAction, CICD pipeline, HTML js. . Role stack Developer Details This project provide ive cricket match data to clients using web scraping, where implement services on tech GOlang using GIN and MySQL database, docker containerize services, nginx reverse proxy, generated SSL certificate, Gitaction, and CICD pipeline to auto deploy service on ec2 instance after git push. Gets domain name from hostinger and done redirection from aws elastic domain name using Nginx. TruthScreen(In Authbridge) . Technology GOlang, SQL server,jira, bitbucket, docker,aws. . Role Go Developer Details This project built on capabilities like OCR, facial recognition, and liveness detection that help us validate in real-time, at scale. Role As Golang dev have to make some typical challenging services during this project and while making them get to know many more concepts on the go. My role was to make the project optimized and convenient for other developers and also guide them well. Xximo(In Appventurez) . Technology GOlang,sql server, lira bitbucket Role Developer Details Based on the mobility budget benefit scheme for employees, in which they can avail of monthly allowance across different transportation modes at the company BarberShop(In College) . Technology HTML5 CSS3, JavaScript, Nodejs, Express js MongoDB, GitHub Heroku. Role Full Stack Developer Details This project was to schedule an appointment barber shop flexibly according to the shop's timing and service, where used express for development, MongoDB as database HTML,CSS js for UI, heroku for deployment Achievements . Secured 203 Rank in Hackerrank Hackfest 2020 Contributed to several open- source projects like Bootstrap Italia and Scroll. in, Rocket. Chat,Openlibrary, Faculty for Web Development Conducted Classes in web development(HTML, CSS, and Javascript andjava) which were attended by over 100 freshmen. Got certified as an intern backend programmer by Startup Company GoTrypper Travel . Won 1st prize Techno Fest Technical Event (by showing presentation on our Idea) 2018 college Techno fest.