Kevin You Shelby Charter Township, MI 48317 kevin.wang.you@gmail.com I https://www.linkedin.com/in/kevin-wang-you/ 1 (248) 881-0616 Experience GoGuardian, Los Angeles (Remote) - ML Infra - Software Engineer II May 2022 - Jan 2025 Scaled machine learning data pipeline to one million queries a minute written in Golang using Kafka Streams for Student google search data and website scraped data. Integrated the pipeline with Gmail API to monitor events with Databricks Machine Learning Pipeline. Developed an A/B testing service with Golang gRPC to enable better testing for Data Science Organization utilizing Redis Cache, Aurora DB, and Firehose S3 to scale inferences, set experiment configuration data, and store large amounts of inference data respectively. Handled continuous security upgrades for Python Services for ML models. Bloom Credit, NYC (Remote) - Data Access - Software Engineer II Feb 2021 - Jan 2022 Created and maintained microservices in Golang for Credit Infrastructure that accesses data from Equifax, TransUnion, and Experian. Developed a service to globally hold consumer personal identity information tokens in AWS RDS. Integrated Credit Bureaus APIs into a universal platform to remove customer's dependency on one bureau. Maintained and upgraded Core subscription service written in Python FastAPI GM, Detroit, MI - Global Sales and Marketing - Software Developer June 2019 - Feb 2021 Developed back-end microservices for the Cadillac Visualizer using Spring Boot Java. Used three.js to develop visualization tools to help designers make vehicles and test images. Migrated Enterprise Jenkins setup to Kubernetes Jenkins. Created Selenium Automated Test scripts to test pages on General Motors Brand commercial sites. In sourced virtual machines from AWS to save costs and developed management applications used to control VMs. Migrated vehicle image automated promotion file systems from legacy bash scripts. Used Python to create QA APIs to test new upgraded image pipeline service. Education Michigan State University, East Lansing, Michigan - B.S. of C.E. September 2015 - May 2019 GPA: 3.30/4.00 Dean's List 4/8 Semesters Classes taken: Algorithms and Data Structures Media Process and Computing Operating Systems Software Design Algorithm Engineering Web App Architecture & Dev Translation Programming Languages Computer Networks Computer Architecture Computer Security