Boris Finkelshteyn LEAD SOFTWARE DEVELOPER Profile Details - 13+ years of experience in development of Java/Kotlin/Golang web applications. - 10+ years of experience in Full-Stack development. Links - Familiar with SCRUM and Agile methodologies. LinkedIn - Code-review and testing practices. Github - Develop clean, effective and well tested solutions. Stackoverflow - Extensive experience with cloud distributed systems. Skills Employment History Java Lead Software Developer, Vama, Remote Kotlin AUGUST 2023 - PRESENT Tech Stack: Go, NATS, Cassandra, gRPC, Testcontainers, Docker, Kubernetes, GCP, Spring Terraform, ArgoCD, GitLab CI/CD, Grafana, OpenTelemetry REST Held a leading position in developing highly scalable and low-latency backend for a chat application - from architecture and development to deployment, monitoring, gRPC and performance optimization. Angular, Vue, React Led end-to-end backend development with a core requirement of sub-50 ms response time. Reactive Streams Designed and implemented microservice-based architecture, ensuring SQL, NoSQL scalability, resilience, and maintainability. Owned the entire development lifecycle - from architectural design and implementation to CI/CD setup, deployment, and production monitoring. Languages Refactored the entire codebase, achieving significant reductions in code English size, improved modularity, and simplified maintenance, enabling seamless migration to gRPC. Russian Migrated infrastructure from virtual machines to Kubernetes with full automation via Terraform and ArgoCD, enabling creation of unlimited environments with a single command. Built and maintained CI/CD pipelines using GitLab CI/CD and ArgoCD, ensuring fast, reliable, and reproducible deployments. Deployed and managed self-hosted Grafana for system monitoring and observability within Kubernetes. Conducted in-depth profiling of source code and database to resolve performance bottlenecks, improving API response speed by hundreds to thousands of times and meeting latency goals. Diagnosed and resolved complex asynchronous and eventual-consistency issues in our distributed backend. Maintained high code quality through code reviews, best practices, and performance-focused engineering decisions. Implemented an MCP server to connect the backend API with an LLM, adding Al-powered chat capabilities to the application. Lead Software Developer, ESProfiler, Remote DECEMBER 2022 - AUGUST 2023 Design and development of a new multi-tenant Authorization Server with OAuth2 support for an information security project. I was responsible for the entire project and started the development from scratch. In a short period of time I delivered an MVP with the following functionality: - Authorisation for a user or another application via OAuth2. - Federated OAuth2 and SAML authorisation. - Spring Boot starter to authorise multiple user facing backends via a new authorisation server. - Granular audit of user actions. - Fine-tuning user permissions. After the MVP was ready it passed an independent security audit which revealed no critical vulnerabilities and only one medium-level vulnerability. In this project were used: Java 17, Spring Boot, Lombok, OpenAPI, JTE, Caffeine, Bucket4j, Liquibase, JUnit, Testcontainers, Maven, OAuth2, MySQL, Docker, AWS. Design and development of an Integration Engine based on the runners concept. The main idea of this concept is to be able to run integration code written by the user inside the user environment. This was achieved by splitting the application into two parts - the server part and the client(runner) connected via web socket. The server side is based on Java, Spring Boot, MySQL. The client side(runner) is based on Java, Spring Boot, GraalVM (to execute custom user code written in JavaScript). In a short period of time I delivered an MVP with the following functionality: - Proxy aware WebSocket Secure connection from runner to server. - User code editor API. - Transfer of encrypted scripts from server to runner. - Support for scheduled script execution. - Support for horizontal scalability for runners. In this project were used: Java 17, Spring Boot, Lombok, OpenAPI, GraalVM, Web Socket, Liquibase, JUnit, Testcontainers, Maven, OAuth2, MySQL, Docker, AWS. Senior Software Developer, VID, Remote JUNE 2021 - DECEMBER 2022 Design and development of a new reactive backend for social media application as a replacement for the original async backend based on Javalin and CompletableFuture. After analyzing application requirements and the existing application, I developed a new Java 11 based application with reactive stack - SpringWebFlux. Responsible for the entire project life cycle, from requirements gathering, architecture and implementation to cloud configuration and support. Responsibilities: - Developing features and fixing bugs using Java 11 and SpringWebFlux. - Unit and e2e tests on backend. - Configuring CI/CD by AWS CodePipeline with Fargate. - Code review. In this project were used: Java 11, Spring Boot, Project Reactor, Lombok, JUnit, Reactor Test, Gradle, OAuth2, Cassandra, Docker, AWS. Senior Software Developer, Service-Flow Corp, Helsinki APRIL 2018 - JUNE 2021 Develop and maintain various of micro-services for the https://oneio.cloud product. Most micro-services are based on Java8, Spring, SpringBoot for backend and AngularJS for frontend. Responsibilities: - Developing features and fixing bugs using Java 8. - Developing features and fixing bugs using AngularJS. - Unit and e2e tests both on backend and frontend. - Code review. In this project were used: Java 8, Spring, Spring Boot, Feign, JUnit, AssertJ, Maven, AngularJS, TypeScript, Karma, Jasmine, NodeJS, NPM, Yarn, Swagger, MongoDB, Jenkins, JFrog, NewRelic, PaperTrail, Docker, Kubernetes, AWS, AWS Serverless. Design and development of brand new micro-services for replacing legacy frontend and backend for the https://oneio.cloud product. Two micro-services were developed completely from scratch. Angular 11 for the frontend and Spring Boot with Project Reactor for the backend. Responsibilities: - Prototyping and first implementation. - Developing features using Java 11, Kotlin and SpringWebFlux. - Developing features using Angular 11. - Unit and e2e tests both on backend and frontend. - Code review. In this project were used: Java 11, Kotlin, Spring Boot, Project Reactor, Feign, JUnit, AssertJ, Maven, Angular 11, TypeScript, Karma, Jasmine, NodeJS, Next.js, Yarn, Angular-CLI, MongoDB, Jenkins, JFrog, NewRelic, PaperTrail, Docker, Kubernetes, AWS, AWS Serverless. Senior Software Developer, T-Systems CIS, Saint Petersburg MARCH 2016 - APRIL 2018 Design and development of a web application for the maintenance of communication stations. The server side was developed on Grails and was engaged in providing data from SAP. The client side was developed on Angular 1.6 using TypeScript. Responsibilities: - Developing features using Groovy(Closures, DSL, AST transformations), Grails(Plugins, GORM, GSP). - Developing features using AngularJS 1.6 with TypeScript. - Unit and e2e tests both on backend and frontend. - Developing code architecture.