Ohm Patel ohm.patel1997@gmail.com Dubai Experience Coinbase Remote Blockchain Engineer Consultant I 5/2024 - Present Scaling Blockchain Nodes And Wallet Infrastructure Rearchitecting the infrastructure to scale coinbase's blockchain nodes and wallets to support the growing demand of the blockchain technology and its users. I helped coinbase scale their Chainio and Nova Services. Chainio is a blockchain node indexing service in their node infrastructure which constantly watches the live blockchain and indexes the entire blockchain for further transaction processing. The Chainio system is able to manage 4x transaction load from the blockchain nodes. Lead, planned, communicated with stakeholders and executed the plan for scaling of the chainio system. Some of the notable improvements from the scaling efforts, BASE and SOLANA blockchain were able to support the 1.5x of current transaction size as well 4x number of the transactions into a single blockchain block. This led to decrease in requirement for the datastore size, which saved us 16000 USD per year per blockchain. Reddit Remote Software Engineer I 10/2022 - 05/24 Shopping Ads I led the creation of a scalable Ads delivery pipeline that supports dynamic product Ads and complex product listings, enabling a seamless integration of shopping features into the Reddit Ads delivery pipeline. I architected this system to handle massive data loads efficiently, using parallel processing, system level memory optimization and high performing data structures to manage and serve millions of product ads with minimal latency. My contributions directly increased product ad impressions to ~10M per day and helped secure new advertisers, leading to a 30k USD of revenue per day. I demonstrated extraordinary leadership in optimising and scaling our Ads Pipeline. Under my guidance, the pipeline was re-architected to handle up to 25 million products efficiently. This scaling effort involved complex optimizations to the data processing and storage frameworks, allowing us to reduce memory footprint and save costs by 50% compared to the old implementations while supporting a substantial increase in product inventory. My work has directly contributed to an increase in ad revenue and improved click-through rates. Product Frequency Cap I also spearheaded the development of Product Frequency Cap, an innovative system designed to control ad exposure frequency. The feature enables reddit to show a particular product in an Ad upto certain number of times. This feature has been instrumental in maintaining ad diversity and optimising user experience, leading to a 2% increase in CTR of shopping Ads. The higher diversity of ads shown to users also boosted cost-per-click revenue by 0.5%, reflecting the strategic importance of my contribution. It helped increase the purchase rate for most of our biggest advertisers like BrilliantEarth, lenovo, HomeDepot etc by an average of 10% resulting in revenue for reddit from these advertisers. Infrastructure Modernization through gRPC Integration The project transforms the interservice communication across reddit's Ads organisation. It integrates an RPC technology, gRPC, which supports binary streaming and non streaming communication technology. My contributions to reddit's infrastructure modernization cannot be overstated. My leadership in the gRPC System Integration project revamped Reddit's inter-service communication protocol, leading to substantial performance improvements. The migration from Thrift to gRPC enhanced service reliability and reduced request latency by 0.5%, while load-balancing optimizations allowed for more efficient resource utilisation. This work has been pivotal in enabling Reddit to scale and respond more dynamically to traffic spikes, especially during high-activity events. The successful rollout of this integration project has had far-reaching effects across the company, driving measurable gains in service uptime and user satisfaction. Deliveroo London Software Engineer 06/2021 - 09/22 Worldwide Mcdonalds & Subway Integration Built the entire custom integration of McDonalds Restaurant's Menu and Order System worldwide with Europe's biggest food delivery company, Deliveroo. I helped build one of the most advanced, scalable and real time order processing systems for any food deliveroo company in the world out there for one of the biggest restaurant chains worldwide, McDonalds. The system accepts orders placed on deliveroo app, transforms the order payload into deliveroo system, stores the information and directly injects the order into the POS system of the McDonald's Restaurant. The complex system involves implementing various technologies such as Kafka and Snowflake for real time processing of orders and terabytes of scaling. Every day this system handled around 95000 per day on an avg, with highest from the UK market which is 44k orders per day. The system built has a success rate/up time of 99.03%, which has a direct impact on Deliveroo's revenue. This entire system is handling 10% of the entire volume of orders daily for deliveroo. The system built is immensely visionary, based on rough calculation considering current order volume and 4% growth in order volume every year, the system will last for next 20 years. I designed and implemented a scalable and robust system which has reduced our order failure Or incidents by 20%. The system processes 22000 daily food menus on an avg coming from McDonald restaurants all over the world. I have delivered similar success for the Subway system as well. Subway system is able to handle 9000 orders per day. The Subway system is able to keep up the 99.16% of uptime. The largest contribution for the subway market comes from the UK with around 7000 orders per day and the system has managed to handle the load smoothly. Solid I Bangalore Founding Engineer I 03/20 - 06/21 Founding engineer to embedded finance fintech startup based out of San Mateo. Designed, Built & Lead authentication & authorization system for the customer facing application from scratch. Designed and Built KYC verification state machine integrating external providers like onfido. Designed the intra bank transfer system of money using a ledger database, implementing a double entry booking keeping system. Built various caching methods for high volume clients to retrieve their transactions. Scaled the platform to 150M+ API Calls and 11B transactions processed. Tech stack used: Go, Typescript, Postgres, SQS, QLDB, AWS. YourStorage Dubai Co-Founder 2018 - 2023 Built a decentralized storage service on top of IPFS where your files are end to end encrypted and available 24*7 without any vendor lock-in. You own your encryption keys and data, no middleman can ever be able to see your data. You can securely share your file to other users as well without revealing your keys. Scaled the product to approx 90 paying customers. Reached ARR of around 30k USD. Acquired by a Canadian based blockchain R&D company. BhadePeDe Bangalore Co-Founder March 2017 - Dec. 2017