Cape Town, South Africa Zwanga Mukwevho +27-65-819-9250 zwangatm3@gmail.com Software Engineer at Tripco with over 4 years of experience and a Bachelor https://linkedin.com/in/zwanga- mukwevho-386320159/ of Science in Electrical and Computer Engineering from the University of https://github.com/ZwangaMuk Cape Town. Passionate about systems engineering and specializing in wevho backend development. I am an ambitious and avid learner, always eager to https://zwangam.co.za/ expand my knowledge and experience in the tech industry. WORK EXPERIENCE TECHNOLOGIES Tripco, Cape Town, South Africa - Full-Stack Software Engineer Stack Travel technology company based in Cape Town Sep 2023 - present Golang, Python, PHP, C++, SQL, Provisioned reproducible dev Virtual Machines with Vagrant, using Bash for Javascript, laaC, Ansible automation, to bundle Linux, Docker, and hypervisor tooling-standardizing environments and speeding up debugging. Implemented an SRE observability stack - Datadog for real-time metrics and Other Grafana for distributed tracing and log analytics-accelerating failure detection Docker, Hashicorp Nomad, and cutting incident-response time by 35%. Kubernetes, Terraform, Ansible, Developed a TCP/IP SFTP service via proxy to fetch 500+ monthly cost RabbitMQ, AWS (EC2, S3, statements for financial analysis and reconciliation. Route53), Jenkins, ElasticSearch, GCP, Nginx, Cloudflare, Redis, Built and containerized services with Docker, orchestrated with Nomad, MySQL, Firebase, MongoDB, secured secrets with Vault, and automated CI/CD using GitHub Actions. Vault Allan Gray, Cape Town, South Africa- Backend Engineer EDUCATION Africa's largest privately owned investment management company Jan 2022 - Aug 2023 Migrated infrastructure management from on-prem Ansible to cloud-based University of Cape Town, Terraform, boosting scalability and cutting provisioning time by 30% Bachelor of Science in Migrated APIs from Scala to Golang in an event-driven RabbitMQ setup, Electrical and Computer shrinking Docker images by 40% and accelerating Helm-managed Kubernetes Engineering start-up times. Cape Town, South Africa Set up CI/CD pipelines in GitLab for building, testing, and deploying artifacts to Dean's Merit Award List (2019) Artifactory, enabling containerization with Docker and deployment to Kubernetes. 2018 2021 Monitored application uptime in Grafana (fed by Prometheus metrics) and centralized logs with the ELK (Elastic, Logstash, Kibana) stack CERTIFICATIONS Migrated a MongoDB dataset of over 10,000 documents from on-premises to AWS, enabling secure access via an EC2 jump box (bastion host). AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Issued Sep 2022 - Expires 2025 Thinkst Canary, Cape Town, South Africa- DevOps Intern cybersecurity company specializing in deception technology Jun 2021 - Jul 2021 LANGUAGES Built a CI/CD pipeline with AWS CodePipeline, automating image uploads to English fluent ECR and improving deployment efficiency. Tshivenda Native Configured EC2 instances to automatically pull and deploy the latest image from ECR, replacing outdated versions. PROJECTS Suberbalist, Cape Town, South Africa- Backend Engineer Intern Document Classification. Al Tool South Africa's largest online fashion retailer Jun 2019 - Jul 2019 to classify documents from Gmail Developed a basic chatbot using Python Django to automate business to GDrive utilizing OpenAl API's. https://doc-classification.co.za/ processes by integrating multiple APIs and applications.