MIGUEL SILVA linkedin.com/in/miguel-aps maps@ua.pt TECHNICAL SKILLS Languages: Go (Golang), Python, SQL, Bash CI/CD: GitLab CI/CD Backend Technologies: RESTful APIs, Mi- Containerization: Docker, Kubernetes, GKE croservices, Distributed Systems, Concurrent Monitoring & Observability: Grafana, Programming Prometheus, OpenTelemetry, Tempo Databases: PostgreSQL, Redis (In-memory) Core Concepts: System Design, TDD, GitOps, Cloud & DevOps: GCP, AWS, Terraform Git EXPERIENCE Scotty AI March 2023 - Present Golang Backend Engineer Remote Led the redesign and development of core Golang microservices for the company's voice stack, focusing on scalability, performance, and maintainability. This included: Redesigned the microservices, enabling a substantial increase in concurrent call volume without re- quiring additional infrastructure resources, resulting in significant cost savings and greater number of peak calls. Built a modular service responsible for synthesizing voice enabling seamless integration of multiple commercial text-to-speech providers via a unified interface, reducing integration time from days to hours. Integrated structured logging with slog and distributed tracing with OpenTelemetry across the mi- croservices, enabling real-time problem diagnosis and greatly reducing mean time to resolution (MTTR). Developed a tool to automatically benchmark a number of different Speech-to-Text providers, enabling Conversation Designers to easily make decisions on which provider to use at any given time, resulting in better and more natural sounding conversation flows. Redesigned and deployed a monitoring and observability stack utilizing OpenTelemetry. Automated CI/CD pipelines with GitLab CI and ArgoCD, reducing deployment time from 30 to 5 minutes on average and greatly increasing deployment frequency. IT - Instituto de Telecomunicações February 2020 - February 2023 Backend Engineer Remote Engineered high-performance Golang applications to optimize and automate network infrastructure, lead- ing to significant improvements in efficiency and latency. This included: Developed a custom Software-Defined Networking (SDN) controller in Golang that dynamically rerouted traffic based on real-time network conditions, reducing average packet latency by over 25 Built a modular Golang service for network device configuration and monitoring, automating over 80% of routine maintenance tasks and reducing manual operational overhead by hundreds of hours annually. Created a central logging and metrics aggregation system using Prometheus and Loki, enabling real- time network performance analysis and reducing mean time to diagnosis (MTTD) for network issues by 45 Streamlined the software delivery lifecycle by implementing a robust CI/CD pipeline with GitLab, enabling a 3x increase in deployment frequency and reducing average deployment time from 45 to 10 minutes. Developed various automation scripts and tools using the Python Ryu SDN framework to orchestrate network services, which expedited the provisioning of new network features from days to a few hours. EDUCATION University of Aveiro September 2014 - December 2019 Integrated Masters in Computer and Telematics Engineering