D.A. Abhijith San Jose, CA - 95132 I (916) 467 2412 I abhijith.da@gmail.com I https://www.linkedin.com/in/abhijithda SOFTWARE ENGINEER Principal Software Engineer and Technical Leader with over 10 years of experience designing, orchestrating, and automating storage and upgrade solutions. Expert in Go, Python, and Ansible, with a proven record of establishing infrastructure-as-code (laC) practices and significantly enhancing system reliability. Passionate about advancing customer and developer experiences. Adept at Agile methodologies and skilled in driving engineering teams to deliver high-impact products efficiently and with exceptional quality. SKILLS Programming: Go | Python I Perl | Power Shell I Shell Script I Batch Script I Ansible | C | JavaScript I NodeJS I NPM API Design & Documentation: REST API Design I API Documentation (Swagger/OpenAPI) I Postman Automation & Testing: Robot Framework I Selenium Cloud & Containers: Docker I Podman I RedHat OpenShift I Heroku I Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Operating Systems: Linux (RHEL, SLES, Ubuntu) I Windows Databases & Messaging: MySQL I MongoDB I RabbitMQ Development & Collaboration: Agile Methodologies I JIRA I Confluence I Jenkins I Artifactory EDUCATION Masters (MS) in Computer Science California State University - Sacramento, CA GPA: 3.9 Bachelors (BE) in Information Science & Engineering P.E.S.I.T., Bengaluru First Class with Distinction PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Veritas Technologies LLC, CA Jun 2022 - Jan 2025 Principal Software Engineer NetBackup FlexScale( NBFS) - Led the initiative to optimize critical operational workflows, resulting in a 2X reduction in upgrade pre-check runtime (from 38 mins to 22 mins) across distributed systems. - Implemented Python Library for Plugin Manager for parallel execution of internal tools. And, designed corresponding API services in Go to handle complex JSON/YAML configuration inputs. - Spearheaded the design and development of the internal Appliance Manager tool in Go and Shell Script, leveraging REST APIs to automate appliance lifecycle management and define the feature roadmap. - Maintained and updated a diverse codebase, including the creation of PowerShell utility scripts to automate the deployment and management of ISOs on virtual machines, demonstrating cross- platform automation capabilities. - Resolved multiple Disaster Recovery issues in the Python codebase, ensuring stability and reliability of critical services. - Successfully resolved high-impact upgrade customer escalations by adding new upgrade states and check points in MySQL. I Executed a Proof-of-Concept for a containerized Disaster Recovery 'steward-site' using Go services integrated with Docker/Podman, aligning the solution with modern laC practices. Cohesity, CA May 2021 - Apr 2022 Member of Technical Staff SQL Protection - Developed and maintained next-gen backup and recovery for SQL server. - Resolved customer field issues. - Engineered automation scripts (Batch & Shell scripts) to streamline the internal developers testing, to deploy locally-generated C++ binaries to Windows test systems, accelerating developer testing cycles. Veritas Technologies LLC, CA Jan 2016 - Apr 2021 Principal Software Engineer Appliances Software Update Management (ÃSUM) - Led the entire product life cycle (concept to successful delivery) of 'ÀSUM' (Appliance Software Update Management) and a related Plugin Manager, standardizing software upgrades across multiple enterprise appliance products. - Spearheaded cross-functional development of the core ÃSUM platform using a modern laC stack (Ansible, Go, Python, and Shell scripts), and ensured successful adoption through comprehensive documentation and training (TOIs). - Developed and maintained appliance software update management workflows, leveraging RabbitMQ for distributed task submission and processing, and MongoDB for persisting upgrade state, and progress tracking across multi-node appliance environments. - Designed and implemented a high-performance Plugin Manager in Go, leveraging its concurrency model to enable parallel execution of plugins and visualize complex dependency chains. - Integrated ÃSUM into the Flex Appliance product in the Flex v1.3 release involving Go, Ansible, Python layers. - Optimized build and test workflows to improve developer experience by enabling staging fixes using previously generated Update RPMs, eliminating the need to repeatedly build ISOs and update RPMs. This improvement reduced the overall development cycle by more than a day, accelerating feature delivery and significantly increasing developer productivity. - Standardized and formalized REST API definitions by applying design principles-resource- oriented modeling, statelessness, versioning, error handling, security, and comprehensive documentation-for the Flex Update service. Enabled public consumption and seamless external integration. Led refactoring efforts in Go to ensure compatibility and maintainability for third- party adoption. - Contributed plugin-manager and software-update-manager to open source working with Open- Source Review Board (OSRB) & legal teams. - Mentored 4 summer interns on development of my hackathon idea - Auto Unit Test Framework (AUTF) for Python - to help improve test coverage of the Python code base. Flex-NetBackup (Flex Appliance v1.0) - Led teams in containerizing NetBackup application for Flex Appliance, implementing upgrade prechecks. - Coordinated priorities with PM, Architects, and Management to ensure smooth execution. - Defined test strategy for functional and component tests. Designed a framework to run component tests written in shell script to easily generate test reports in CI/Jenkins. Universal Shares (NBA v3.1) - Developed Universal Shares orchestration layer for enabling users to backup data directly on to dedupe storage. - Added REST API support in Go for configuring Universal Shares and motivated the team to migrate to Go. - Led the strategic initiative (Quality Pyramid) to enhance test quality across the organization by rolling out comprehensive testing guidelines in collaboration with team leads from various teams. - Spearheaded test quality improvements within my team by identifying, reviewing, and refactoring the storage management test suite, utilizing Robot Framework, Selenium and Python for QA Automation. Symantec, CA Jul 2008 - Jan 2016 Sr. Software Engineer Cluster Management - Scaled MSDP (Dedupe) storage on appliances by supporting multiple volumes and files systems. - Updated file systems/volumes management to efficiently utilize the underlying hardware by mapping file systems to RAID volumes distributed across controllers. (So as to improve performance by employing multiple RAID heads to write into different volumes concurrently, and to reduce the disk seek.) - Enabled cluster support for AdvancedDisk backup storage using Veritas Clustered Volume Manger (CVM) and Clustered File Systems (CFS). - Scale AdvancedDisk backup storage beyond single VxVM volume. - IDF: Improved data recoverability support by employing unique id of disk to recover from disk signature loss. Storage Management - Re-Designed the Perl storage orchestration layer and improved overall stability and drastically reduced customer escalations. - Reduced customer downtime from a few hours to a couple of minutes for Storage Expand and Storage Reset operations. - Developed Self-healing feature - automatically run basic sanity check and bring mount points online, fix disabled volumes once disks are back online. - Added locking and monitoring abilities. - Enabled appliances to support disaster recovery i.e., allow recovery of data while reimaging the appliance. - Enabled addition of more than one expansion storage (JBODs). Client and Policy Management - Designed and developed a heuristic algorithm 'Select Backup Appliance' for client and policy management feature in Perl. VxAT, VxAZ (Veritas Authentication and Authorization) - Automated builds and tests of Authentication (AT) and Authorization (AZ) products using Perl and Shell Scripts on windows and multiple Unix operations systems. PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE L&T Infotech, Bengaluru - Software Engineer Indian Institute of Science (IISc), Bengaluru - College Intern VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE