LÊ ANH TUÁN Platform Engineer 0326026333 leanhtuan1998hl@gmail.com tuanla.vn github.com/tuan1kdt in linkedin.com/in/tuanla1001 Platform Engineer with experience in building secure, scalable, and resilient backend systems in Golang and Java. Strong background in distributed computing, cloud orchestration (Kubernetes, Nomad), and DevOps automation. Passionate about developing cybersecurity and data protection platforms that empower enterprises to operate securely and efficiently. Skills Programming Languages: Golang, Java Shell scripts: Bash, PowerShell Databases: MySQL, Mongodb, Elasticsearch DevOps: docker, k8s, nomad, jenkins, ansible Tools: Git, Jira, Postman Experience OPSWAT - My OPSWAT, HCM I Software Engineer I 06/2025 - Present My OPSWAT is a centralized management and monitoring platform that unifies all OPSWAT cybersecurity products- providing organizations with a single pane of glass to manage assets, enforce policies, and monitor real-time security posture across distributed environments. Achievements/Tasks: Designed and implemented microservices in Golang for asset management, telemetry, and policy synchronization. Developed RESTful and gRPC APIs to integrate MetaDefender and MetaAccess modules into unified management workflows. Collaborated cross-functionally with global teams to enhance scalability, reliability, and monitoring for cloud and on-prem deployments. GHTK - ATAO Cloud, Ha Noi I Platform Engineer I 05/2024 - 06/2025 ATAOCloud is a PaaS platform that enables customers to create and manage virtual machines, deploy applications via a marketplace, and achieve enterprise-grade availability. The system is designed for ISO 27017/27018 compliance. Achievements/Tasks: Conducted research on SDN and storage solutions that met PaaS scalability and security requirements. Developed robust RESTful and gRPC APIs in Golang for VM, network, and storage management. Developed Datastore implemented storage cluster that increase high availability for VM volume, achieving an SLA commitment of up to 99.95%. Developed automated integration tests using Hurl for continuous validation and code quality. VIETTEL CYBER SECURITY - CyM, Ha Noi I Software Developer, SRE I 04/2021 - 04/2024 CyM is a SIEM (Security Information & Event Management) solution designed to monitor, analyze, and manage cybersecurity threats in real time. Achievements/Tasks: Delivered high-throughput Golang services processing 10K+ events/sec, enhancing system reliability and scalability. Built agents for AutoDiscovery, File Integrity Monitoring (FIM), and Policy Compliance across Linux and Windows servers. Created APIs using Golang, PostgreSQL, and Elasticsearch for real-time analytics. Deployed and maintained over 50 microservices across on-premise clusters using Ansible and Bash automation. Built CI/CD pipelines with Jenkins, reducing release deployment time by 20%. Collaborated with outsourced teams for QA, code review, and system integration under Agile methodology. Personal Projects REXHOME (06/2021 - 12/2021) TEKOMI (09/2023 - Present) Developed Backend APIs by Gin-gonic Developed loT Mobile App with gRPC, MQTT, framework (golang), Express(NodeJS) and Golang technologies. mongodb. Developed simple gitlab CI/CD for automation build code, deployed to test environments. Published mobile app to App Store, PlayStore. Education Certifications Computer Science Ton Duc Thang University, Ho Chi Minh APTIS - Level B2 2020 Internet of Things Penang University, Malaysia 2019