HARICHANDRA KISHOR DevOps Engineer CONTACT PROFILE Experienced DevOps Engineer skilled in managing cloud platforms, automating +91 9940768890 infrastructure, and optimizing workflows for performance and cost-efficiency. Proficient in backend development with Go and adaptable to other programming harissownn@gmail.com languages. I specialize in integrating automated workflows and alerts, ensuring seamless operations. I have hands-on experience with Docker and Kubernetes, Kochi, Kerala managing self-hosted databases, and deploying infrastructure using Helm. My expertise also covers CI/CD pipelines with GitHub Actions, system monitoring, and troubleshooting to maintain high availability. I conduct detailed infrastructure billing audits, optimizing resource utilization and reducing costs. EXPERTISE EXPERIENCE Development Languages: Go, Python Automation & Scripting: Terraform, DevOps & GoLang Developer | SellerApp Bangalore Ansible, Bash, Golang Started on November 2023 CI/CD Tools: GitHub Actions, GitLab CI, Jenkins Led the deployment and management of Camunda Zeebe, ensuring smooth orchestration and process automation. Monitoring & Logging: Prometheus, Managed self-hosted databases on Kubernetes (PostgreSQL, Redis, Vault, Grafana, ELK Stack (Elasticsearch, Elasticsearch, MongoDB, Clickhouse, Druid), ensuring scalability and Logstash, Kibana) performance. Administered GCP Enterprise MySQL and Mongo Atlas, optimising for security Cloud Providers: AWS (EC2, S3, RDS, and efficiency. Lambda, CloudFormation, Route53), GCP Handled multiple Kubernetes clusters, streamlining deployment processes and (GKE, Cloud Functions, Pub/Sub, cluster management. CloudSQL, BigQuery) Wrote Helm deployments to automate and standardise application deployment across environments. Automated application deployments and infrastructure management, enhancing deployment speed and reliability. Managed networking infrastructure, including configuring load balancers for EDUCATION optimal traffic management. Refactored infrastructure to improve performance, resource utilisation, and Software Training Institute scalability. Oversaw Nginx configuration, improving web server performance and security. Brototype Implemented Tor to enhance privacy and security for specific network 6 Months applications. Completed my 6 months software training program. Learned about the intermidiate DevOps Engineer SavvyPool Bangalore level of programing. Done projects in multiple languages. Gained knowledge January 2023 October 2023 about the Development and operation in technology. Led the end-to-end development and deployment of a significant project, building it from the ground up. Diploma Course Leveraged Amazon Web Services (AWS) for robust deployment, harnessing multiple AWS services and integrating them seamlessly into the project's K.L.N Polythechnic College, Madurai infrastructure. 3 Years Streamlined project deployment, monitoring, and scaling, ensuring high Completed my diploma in computer availability and performance. technology where i gained knowledge Proactively managed and maintained infrastructure, embracing best practices about C programming, Python, Java, for security and efficiency. Cloud computing and much more about Implemented automation and orchestration for continuous integration and the Networking concepts continuous deployment (CI/CD) pipelines. Played a pivotal role in improving system reliability, scalability, and resource utilisation. Served as a key contributor to enhancing the development and deployment process, focusing on efficiency, reliability, and cost-effectiveness.