Donald Adu-Poku Backend Developer +23354019563 donald.adu@gmail.com github.com/dnldd Summary Experienced backend developer with 9 years developing and deploying backend services. Strong background in leading projects, contributing to open-source software and improving service performance. Committed to delivering high- quality code and effective team collaboration. Skills - Backend Development: 9 years of experience designing efficient and scalable microservices with with golang. - Testing & Debugging: Adept in writing comprehensive unit and integration tests, ensuring edge case coverage. Skilled in diagnosing and resolving performance bottlenecks and general issues, leveraging observability tools. - DevOps & Infrastructure: Kubernetes, Flux, Docker, Github Actions, Redis, NATS, Git - Databases: PostgreSQL, SQLite, MySQL, BoltDB, BadgerDB - Protocols: gRPC, REST, JSON-RPC - Collaboration & Communication: Strong problem solving and effective communication skills. - Open Source: Over 4 years of open source contributions. 1 Work Experience October 2023 - Present - Backend Developer - Contractor - Built and maintain a USSD dues collection service. - Built and deployed a donation and pledging service. April 2020 - July 2023 — Backend Developer - Luxor Mining - Built a JSON-RPC client with support for multiple codecs, improving data transfer performance. - Developed and maintained an Ethereum mining pool and proxy. - Contributed to the development and maintained a Sia mining pool, improving service reliability. August 2019 - December 2022 - Contributor - Decred Project - Regularly contributed to the development and maintenance of the Decred daemon, enhancing reliability and efficiency. - Regularly reviewed pull requests for Decred repositories. - Developed and maintained the Decred mining pool. - Contributed to the development of Decred's decentralised exchange. November 2016 - August 2019 - CTO - Einheit Ltd - Developed a free driving exam preparation app for android users in Ghana. - Built and maintained a customer top-up and update portal for Surfline Ghana Ltd. - Built and maintained an invoicing and payment processing platform with SAP integration, improving service delivery and reliability for onshore handlers at the Tema Harbour. 2 July 2013 August 2015 - Android Developer — MobileContent Ltd - Developed Android apps. - Monitored and improved SMS delivery services. Improving service delivery and performance. July 2012 - July 2013 - Game Developer - Leti Games Ltd - Built and maintained an HTML game engine. - Led the development of an HTML platforming game. June 2011 - August 2011 - Mobile Developer Intern - Streemio Ltd - Developed a Symbian-based music streaming app for feature phones, optimised for unreliable networks. September 2009 - July 2010 - Developer Intern - CoreNett Ltd - Documented and implemented components of a point-of-sale system. June 2009 - September 2009 - Writing Aid - Ashesi University College - Proofread, corrected essays. - Assisted students with their writing assignments at the Ashesi University Writing Centre. Education ASHESI UNIVERSITY COLLEGE Accra, Greater Accra B Sc. Computer Science August 2008 - May 2012 GPA: 3.26/4.0 Thesis: Flow in Games: Aural Conditioning 3 References Mr. Nii Amon Dsane Former Lead Developer, CoreNett.Ltd jazzy@gmail.com Mr. Francis Ahose Co-founder Einheit.Ltd, CTO Streemio Gh. Ltd +233208909463,francis@cryptaholdings.com Mr. Dennis Kwoffie Former IT Deputy Manager, MobileContent +23324356912, smylnb@gmail.com Mr. Dave Collins Lead Developer, Decred DAO @davecgh:decred.org Mr. Eddie Wang CTO, Luxor Mining eddie@luxor.tech 4