Luis Gonzalez Software Engineer dr.luisgzze@gmail.com ( +52 (81) 1413 6219 + https://github.com/ggsheeet Male 28yo ABOUT ME Self-taught software engineer with 3 years of experience, seeking new opportunities to grow personally and professionally. WORKING EXPERIENCE Lead Full-Stack Engineer Eventasis (Full time) Sep 2025 - Present Responsible for developing, testing, and maintaining the Eventasis web application that helps users seek venues for different events and gatherings. Skills: NextJS, NodeJS, MySQL, Docker, Google Cloud Platform. Leadership of both front-end and back-end development for the web application. Implementation of new patterns that help optimize new and existing code for better performance. Communication of challenges, drawbacks, and advancements to the team on a weekly basis. Konargo (Full time) Jun 2024 - Apr 2025 Helped this startup acquire and keep their first customers by launching key features for their web application that where essential to the company's progress. The software helps logistics companies match with transportation companies in Mexico, reducing time-to-quote, which increases sales and win rates. Skills: VueJS, NodeJS, PostgreSQL, Docker, AWS. Develop, and deploy features needed to launch the startups' MVP. Strategic planning of new features alongside company founders for customer retention. TULIP (Part time) Sep 2024 - Feb 2025 Built the entire technical operation for a christian publishing company, launching their e-commerce and an inventory, blog, and resource management system. Skills: Golang, Docker, Google Cloud Platform. Leadership of design and development of a non-technical company's technical needs. Close communication of technical requirements, challenges, and advancements. Successful launch from the ground-up in 6 months while working on it in spare time. NBNews (Part time) Jul 2023 - Present Shipped over 10 tailored news web applications for a communications company's clients, automating and maintaining the publishing of daily newsletters for more than 2 years. Skills: NextJS, Wordpress as a CMS, GrapQL, Vercel, Golang for automation. Designing and building of more than 10 self-maintained and self-publishing newsletters for different clients from different areas. Development of automation strategies for the overall maintenance of all clients' web applications. Lead Front-End Engineer Chronocode (Part time) Nov 2023 - Present Project-based front-end development for a software house that builds and ships tailor-made software for different clients across multiple profesional areas. Skills: JS, CSS, HTML, Vite, NodeJS. Leadership of front-end design and development, producing code and reviewing jr. developers' code. Designing and implementing a reusable structure that boosts initial setup and development, reducing time-to-first-deliverable. EDUCATION Medical Doctor (Bachelor's Degree) Software Engineer U.A.N.L. (2014-2022) (Monterrey, Mexico) Self-taught (2022-2025) TECHNICAL SKILLS Golang (2 years) Docker (2 years) PostgreSQL (2 years) Typescript / Next / Vue (3 years) Node / Express (3 years) HTML & CSS (3 years) AWS / GCP (2 years) GraphQL (3 years) Git (3 years) LANGUAGES English: Native Spanish: Native German: Novice