Mayank Mohan +91 9760090604 - mayankmohan74@gmail.com - GitHub - LinkedIn - Leetcode EDUCATION ABES Engineering College Uttar Pradesh, India B. Tech in Computer Science And Engineering August 2019 - July 2023 TECHNICAL SKILLS Programming Languages: Go, Java Libraries and Tools: RabbitMQ, AWS SQS, AWS S3, Git, Docker, CI/CD(Gitlab), Unit Testing(Testify) Software Development Paradigms and Methodologies: Data Structures and Algorithms, Object Oriented Programming, Agile Methodology Database: MySQL, Redis, AWS Redshift WORK EXPERIENCE Software Development Engineer Razorpay, Bangalore, Karnataka April 2025 - Present Tech Stack: Golang, MySQL, Elastic Search, gRPC Contributed to the solutioning of legacy db schema normalization using hybrid relational + EAV model approach (includes JSON data flattening and optimized indexing) for a core microservice Implemented dual-write mechanism to support data consistency between legacy and new database schemas, ensuring zero downtime. Setup the testing mechanism considering high throughput gRPC service (3K RPS on read routes), including end-to-end (E2E) tests and unit tests, ensuring reliability and backward compatibility of critical functionalities while dual write support. Built data comparators and migration scripts to migrate 10 million merchant records to the new schema, ensuring smooth adoption of read/write operations in the new schema. Software Development Engineer 1 - Backend Zocket, Chennai, Tamil Nadu August 2023 - April 2025 Tech Stack: Golang, MySQL, GitLab CI/CD, RESTful APIs, System Design, Team Management, Intra and Inter-Team Communication Designed and developed a SaaS subscription solution that integrated Stripe and Shopify as payment gateways, offering customizable multi-tier plans with add-ons for customer flexibility. Implemented Marketing Rules Engine to automate campaign monitoring and alerting with support for hierarchical boolean cases, enhancing ROI. Improved video thumbnail generation efficiency using ffmpeg, reducing processing time from 10s to 1s. Optimized API latency from 4s to 600ms for listing campaigns in AWS Redshift using Common Table Expressions (CTE) and Window Functions, improving user experience. Implemented backend authentication and authorization mechanisms using JWT along with Shopify integration, leading to a 20% increase in user onboarding. Software Engineer Intern DotPe, Gurugram, India August 2022 - June 2023 Tech Stack: Golang, MySQL, RabbitMQ, Redis, RESTful and SOAP APIs Developed and implemented backend integration for delivery services such as Shipsy and Dunzo with DotPe merchants to improve order fulfillment efficiency. Designed and integrated Ewards Loyalty service across 60+ stores during initial rollout to enhance user experience. Refactored logging system to optimize Elasticsearch indexing and speed up Kibana processing, resulting in a 50% reduction in log search time. PUBLICATIONS Explored database indexing techniques to optimize search query performance in relational databases. Database Indexing