Shivam Singh shivam043@gmail.com ,+91-9718496646 I Founding Engineer(LambdaTest) | github.com/shiv043 github.com/shivam043 I linkedin/in/shivam043 Jiffy.ai - Lead Product Engineer Present - Bengaluru SKILLS Actively contribute to the maintenance of platform services. Golang,C/C++,Python,HTML/CSS,Javascript(familiar). Engage in architecture reviews to enhance system robustness. Collaborate on feature development to meet evolving Jenkins,Git requirements. Apache Kafka,.Apache Successfully reduced app creation and publish times from Zookeeper,SaltStack minutes to swift intervals. Temporal Enhanced system reliability by implementing a custom Temporal StartHeartbeat for highly available workflows. AWS,Docker Improved deployment manager performance by reducing build graph duration from 10s to 2s through concurrency and Redis,Mysql caching. Designed and implemented end-to-end app export and import workflows using Temporal, ensuring reliable long-running operations. EDUCATION LambdaTest - Lead Member of Technical Staff 2021 Nov(2022) Jaypee Institute of Designed the Architecture for real device app automation and web Information Automation (Written all the microservices from scratch in golang Technology,Noida 2014-2018 Designed the architecture of XCUITEST and ESPRESSO for ios and android for real device cloud. (Written all the microservices from scratch in Bharatiya Vidya Bhavans Prism School, Satna, Madhya golang Pradesh Lead a team of 4 members ensuring the automation cut is up and running, sprint planning Designed the service which helps in capturing proxy request in devices like tunneling, geolocation, network packet capture through martian Involved in critical customer issues triaging and fixes to ease the onboarding of customer. CI/CD planning, making sure services are zero down time deployable ensuring best practices are followed. Involved in multiple pocs in reducing the setup time of appium hub so that the test take less time. Achieved peak parallel concurrency of 150+ for app automation with monthly test ~500k. LambdaTest - Senior Member of Technical Staff 2019 2021 Handling and owning the services responsible for IOS simulator and Android automation ( golang) (Written all the microservices from scratch Reduced setup time of selenium test run in LambdaTest Grid using webdriver instead of selenium-jar Geo Location Feature implementation,using the third party vendor | designing the architecture and integrating with the microservices LambdaTest - Member of Technical Staff 2018 - 2019 Developed REST API's for test automation (Golang) link - https://www.lambdatest.com/support/docs/api-doc/ Implemented golang docker sdk api to spawn docker instead of docker commands,conversion between jsonwire protocol to w3c protocol vice versa