Gabriel de Andrade Rodrigues Software Engineer Location: Salto, São Paulo, Brazil | Phone: +55 011 996455852 I Email: andraderodrigues.ga@gmail.com LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/biel-a-rodrigues SUMMARY Highly qualified Software Engineer with experience over three years in designing and maintaining the most robust software solutions, mainly backend, developing with Go and Java. Proven success in leading and collaborating on large projects between API development and monolith migration towards microservices, as well as before-enterprise technical debt resolution. Great passion for scalable, efficient, and user-centered software delivery with expertise in REST APIs, event-driven architecture, and database management. Strong communicator in both written and spoken English for proficiency and Spanish, as well adept at technical documentation and cross-functional teamwork. SKILLS Proficient: Go (and common standard libraries), Git. Intermediate: Java, Spring, MySQL, relational database. Beginner: JavaScript, Node.js, AWS (Lambda, EC2), Blockchain, MongoDB, non-relational databases. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Software Engineer Mercado Pago (fintech of Mercado Libre), São Paulo, BR - Remote 05/2021 to present Core Responsibilities: Designed and created a public API for reducing the integration pains of millions of payment gateway users while providing a universal API contract with lower complexity. Development of the Go SDK for Mercado Pago APIs using the best practices for Go. Top-notch improvement on the current email application by changing it from a monolithic Groovy application to a microservice architecture within a bigger program; created a so-called "emails-as-a-service" application capable of handling millions of transactional emails daily. Resolved enterprise-level technical debts, affecting over 10,000,000 users, increasing the payment approval rate by 5% by; developed a Go API (to control progressive rollout) that processes over 10k requests per minute with a p95 latency rate of ~200 ms. Contributed to a project to separate the front-end in React and back-end in Java and enhance user experience in the payment process. Key Technologies and Tools: Go, Java, REST APIs, Microservices, Spring, Git, GitHub, relational and non-relational databases, and event-driven architecture. Development Intern Salto City Hall, Salto, BR - Remote 04/2019 to 12/2020 Core Responsibilities: Designed and developed a digital system for the social assistance sector which replaces paper work for a city with more than 100,000 residents, it stores appointment data, community events, and generates automated reports. Trained employees for adapting to the new system to its advantages and efficiency. Documented and solved bugs in the system for the stability and reliability of the software. Worked collaboratively to create a city map with district-level data for heat maps and actionable insights. Co-authored an article detailing the developed system and published it in a college portal (in Portuguese). Key Technologies and Tools: Java, JSF, JPA, MySQL, Hibernate. EDUCATION Technologist in Systems Analysis and Development (Computer Science area). Federal Institute of São Paulo, São Paulo, Brazil 01/2018 to 02/2021 Relevant coursework: Co-written academic article on a social assistance system that was published on the college portal (in Portuguese). Bachelor Thesis: An ETL process was developed through which insights were generated for families in social vulnerability. LANGUAGES Portuguese: Native. English: Advanced. Spanish: Advanced.