Remi Arata Denver, CO RemiArata1@gmail.com (720) 212-5561 github.com/RemiArata Backend Engineer with experience designing microservices, building APIs, and maintaining databases. 5 years of Python experience along with 3 years of using Go, Docker, Kubernetes, and GCP to build performant and scalable systems. Looking to join a team that allows engineers to move fast and learn new skills. Work Experience Randori, an IBM Company: January 2023 - December 2025 Software Engineer - Platform Team Participated in the development of an attack surface management product that went from startup to enterprise-level SaaS solution integrated into IBM's QRadar assets. Key contributions and responsibilities: Worked closely with product and leadership to redesign how we price our product. Went from per employee to per work executed pricing. Required building a new service to track company works done each month, new database to store the data, and a new CRUD to interact with the data. Worked with the Front End team to improve the performance of the landing page and data loading endpoints in the product. Changes included redesign endpoints to reduce the number of calls to the backend by 70% and changing how our in-house bake of Flask loads auto CRUDs to allow caching. These changes allowed the landing page to load in seconds instead of minutes. Brought test coverage up to 70% across all Go services by using integration tests. This allowed the CI/CD to validate that the CRUD and GRPC endpoints were working as expected even when developers were making large changes to these services. Participated in the on-call rotation. This allowed me to have the opportunity to grow my Kubernetes knowledge, learn to use grafana and prometheus, develop documents on what to do if issues arose, and delegate and interact with other teams to fix errors or issues as they arose. NetApp: November 2021 - December 2022 Software Engineer in Test - Data Storage Team Worked as part of a test engineering team focused on maintaining and improving the Solidfire and OnTap products by stress testing and validating what the feature teams were building. Key contributions and responsibilities: Developed software to automate and execute functional, integration and performance tests Wrote software to work with different hardware (such as AFF and SAN), different data protocols(such as fibre channel, iSCSI, Ethernet), and different API's (consumer and developers). Galvanized, Inc: October 2019 - August 2021 Data Science Instructor - Data Science Bootcamp Worked as part of the team responsible for getting students into the Data Science Bootcamp. Key responsibilities: Proctoring entrance interviews, developing Python and Statistics curriculum, building a student outreach system to help boost enrollment. Technical Skills Programming Languages (Python, Golang, Ruby) Databases (Postgres, Redis, MySQL) Tools (Git, Github, Docker, Kubernetes, Helm) Methodologies (Agile, Scrum, Kanban, Plan Build Ship) Other Skills (API Design GRPC, BDD, TDD) Education Metropolitan State University of Denver, 2021 Bachelors of Science in Computer Science and Mathematics Completed a variety of coursework covering topics in programming languages, web apps, data structures and algorithms, mathematical modeling, probability and statistics through a double major program.