KARTHIK RAO BALMURI 936-776-0207 I karthikraobalmuri@gmail.com I https://www.linkedin.com/in/karthikraobalmuri/ https://github.com/balmurikarthikrao I Dallas, Texas SUMMARY Experienced Software Engineer with 6 years of experience in design, development, testing, maintenance, and documentation of enterprise applications using Golang and Python. Proficient in building REST APIs, web applications, and microservices, leveraging modern cloud technologies like Google Cloud Platform (GCP) and Amazon Web Service for scalable solutions. Skilled in integrating with Google Spanner for high-performance, distributed database management, as well as working with traditional databases like PostgreSQL, MongoDB, and SQL Server for complex queries and CRUD operations. Experienced in setting up monitoring and observability tools such as Grafana and Prometheus to track application performance and infrastructure health. I have extensive experience in designing, developing, and maintaining RESTful APIs. Familiar with communication protocols such as gRPC, using Protocol Buffers for efficient, high-performance service communication. EDUCATION University of North Texas I Denton, Texas May 2023 Master of Science, Information System and Technologies GPA: 3.9 TECHNICAL SKILLS Programming Languages: Golang, Python, JavaScript, PHP, Databases: MySQL, MongoDB, Redis Cloud Platform: AWS, Google Cloud, S3, CloudWatch logs, lambda, API Gateway, GCP Spanner, Kafka Monitoring Tools: Grafana, Prometheus, Jaeger, Google metrics Version Control: Git, Bitbucket Atlassian: JIRA(Agile), Confluence PROFESSIONAL WORK EXPERIENCE Equifax Atlanta, GA Senior Software Engineer Aug 2023 - Dec 2025 Responsibilities: Developed and maintained RESTful APIs using Go (Golang) to ensure high performance and scalability in microservices architecture. Integrated Google Cloud Spanner for seamless, highly available database management, optimizing data consistency and performance for distributed systems. Implemented third-party REST API integrations to support cross-platform communication and enhance application functionality. Designed and deployed containerized applications on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), ensuring smooth and efficient scaling and orchestration of services. Designed and implemented Protocol Buffers (. proto) files to generate efficient and type-safe Go code using gRPC/protobuf. Hands on testing and benchmark libraries in Golang. Experience in designing and implementing event-driven architectures using Apache Kafka for real-time data streaming, message brokering, and inter-service communication. Set up monitoring and alerting systems using Prometheus and Grafana to ensure real-time observability of system health, API performance, and resource utilization. Collaborated in a CI/CD pipeline using tools such as GitHub Actions (GHA) and Gitlab, streamlining deployment processes and ensuring rapid delivery of features and updates. Ensured secure API endpoints through implementation of authentication mechanisms such as OAuth2 and API key management. Cloud Technologies: Proficient in Google Cloud Platform (GCP) and AWS, leveraging cloud services for scalable and secure solutions. Data Management: Experienced with Google Spanner and Elasticsearch for efficient data storage, handling, and real- time analytics. Messaging Services: Utilized Pub/Sub, SNS, and SQS to implement robust, asynchronous communication between microservices and systems. Monitoring & Performance: Implemented Jaeger for distributed tracing and Grafana for real-time application performance monitoring and alerting. Containerization & Orchestration: Familiar with Docker and Kubernetes for containerizing applications and managing deployments at scale. Version Control: Proficient in using GitHub for source control, collaborating effectively with teams, and maintaining best practices in versioning. Xebia IT Architects Mumbai, India Software Engineer Dec 2020 - Dec 2021 Client: IDFC First Bank Responsibilities: Built gRPC and REST API using protocol buffer and Go gin framework. Experienced with grpcui, a command-line tool for interacting with gRPC servers via a browser, similar to Postman but designed for gRPC APIs. Worked on uber zap library to log the customized message. Integrated with Jaeger tracing tool and Prometheus to measure metric. Configuration the service with Docker and Kubernetes. Hands on viper library to setup the configuration variables. Hands on testing and benchmark libraries in golang. Integrated with Redis to store the user information. Doyen Solutions Hyderabad, India Associate Software Engineer June 2018 - Nov 2020 Responsibilities: Developed a RESTful web API using gin framework. Go-MySQL-Driver is used to communicate with the MySQL database. Developed new RESTful API services that work as a middleware between our application and third-party APIs using gin framework. Automate the build process using hooks once the code is pushed to version control. Defined best practices in terms of system setup and management. Developed and deployed scalable RESTful APIs using Go (Golang) on AWS Lambda, ensuring high performance, low latency, and cost-efficient serverless architectures. Utilized AWS API Gateway to expose Lambda functions as HTTP endpoints, integrating seamlessly with AWS services like S3, and SNS.