SAHIL SOJITRA Software Developer I Open Source Contributor sahilsojitra4555@gmail.com (+91) XXXXXXXXXX sahilsojitra.me in Sahil4555 Sahil4555 EXPERIENCE EDUCATION Associate Software Engineer B.Tech in Information Technology MindInventory CHARUSAT, Anand, Gujarat Dec 2023 - Nov 2024 Jun 2020 - May 2024 CGPA: 9.04 During my internship, I developed backend systems in Golang, Higher Secondary School Certificate utilizing both SQL and NoSQL databases for efficient data management. I also created a real-time chat application clone Purohit Science School of Mattermost using WebSocket and basic frontend features Mar 2018 - Mar 2020 Per: 67.84% with ReactJS. Currently, I am working as a Full Stack Developer at MindInventory, specializing in ReactJS and Golang to build SKILLS robust and scalable web applications. PROJECTS Languages and Frameworks Golang JavaScript React.js Chat Application Databases Web Application Dec 2023 - Mar 2024 NoSQL RDBMS Developed a chat application similar to Mattermost using Golang for the server-side logic, WebSocket, and REST APIs Other Technologies for instant messaging, and MongoDB for storing data. WebSocket AWS Docker Created key features like user login, channel management, message sending, and notifications. Teamed up to combine the backend with a ReactJS frontend for a smooth user experience. ACHIEVEMENTS Go Serverless 5 Star rated on Codechef (Max Rating - 2017) Service Integration Specialist on CodeForces (Max Rating - 1531) May 2024 - May 2024 Knight on Leetcode (Max Rating - 1887) This Todo application leverages a serverless architecture with 2486th Global Rank in Google KickStart Round G a backend written in Golang, using AWS Lambda for business 2022 logic, DynamoDB for data storage, and API Gateway for HTTP Open Source Contributor endpoints. The infrastructure is managed and deployed using AWS CDK with Go bindings. Key features include task management (add, update, delete, HOBBIES mark as complete/incomplete) and user authentication with JWT. The project structure ensures modular and maintainable Cricket code. Travelling Complex Problem Solving RSA Encryption Algorithm Network With Industry Professionals Cryptography Algorithm Keep Up With Industry Trends Mar 2023 - Mar 2023 This Project implements the RSA encryption and decryption algorithm in C++ & Golang. It generates random prime numbers, calculates the public and private keys, encrypts and decrypts messages using these keys. The Miller-Rabin primality test is used to generate random prime numbers. The modular exponentiation and extended Euclidean algorithm functions are adapted from standard algorithms.