ALEX TALIAFERRO BOSTON, MA 978-998-1348 ALEXANDERTALIAFERRO1@GMAIL.COM Technical Skills Go, Java, Python, SQL AWS, GCP, Docker, Kubernetes, Kafka Ember, HTML, CSS Agile Software Methodology, REST PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Clearpoint Consulting Boston, MA 7/2024 - Present SOFTWARE CONTRACTOR Engineered cloud-native applications integrating a third-party Kanban platform with applicant tracking systems, enhancing workflow visibility and automation. Designed and implemented middleware in Golang to connect and synchronize data between two external APIs, enabling real-time data flow. Deployed production workloads on Google Cloud with automated scheduling via cron jobs, ensuring consistent and reliable execution of critical processes. Led cross-functional meetings to define application architecture, establish unit testing strategies, and ensure scalability, maintainability, and performance standards. Created unit and integration tests to validate middleware and API functionality, increasing release confidence and reducing production issues. SENIORLINK INC. Boston, MA 3/2019 - 2024 SOFTWARE ENGINEER 2 Utilized primarily Go, Ember, Postgres, and Unix shell Performed as an integral member of the Integration and Onboarding (ION) team by both optimizing our own frontend interfaces and backend processes, as well as integrating other companies' applications into our own. Developed and executed PostgreSQL database migrations including schema changes, index creation, and data transformations to support new application features Executed daily reviews on coworkers' code to evaluate potential errors, readability, inconsistencies in style, impairments in space and time optimization, etc. Implemented software to continuously evaluate the health of our applications by monitoring the availability of their endpoints, error logging, connection to databases, and reporting excessive errors to Slack channels. Collaborated in support rotation by tracking error logs, CPU usage across our applications, researching and troubleshooting application outages, delving into databases to look for inconsistencies, etc. Oversaw the implementation of containerized applications using Docker and deployments with Kubernetes on EC2 instances Created new REST API endpoints to modify our databases and then created the corresponding UI for those endpoints to be used by consumers, caregivers, and administrators. ELIASSEN GROUP Reading, MA SUMMER 2017 Intern Utilized Java, Ruby, and Cucumber to develop and lead the front-end testing of the Eliassen Maturity Matrix Application, which is used by top Fortune 500 companies to convert performance data into an accurate numeric analysis of how efficiently those companies are following the Agile workplace philosophy. Created front-end testing through extensive unit tests that confirmed that 100% of the possible events in the application yielded their expected results. ACQUIRE REAL ESTATE Boston, MA SUMMER 2016 Contractor Collaborated with the CTO to evaluate useful technologies, APIs, and toolkits to be used in writing an import technology for accounting/financial data. As part of a larger financial analytics project I developed middleware to pull select data from an accounting package. EATON VANCE Boston, MA I SUMMER 2015 Contractor Developed data mining code to find significant likenesses across thousands of different Excel files, resulting in a complete report of the analyzed data. COLGATE UNIVERSITY Hamilton, NY I 2014 - 2018 Bachelor of Arts (BA), Major: Computer Science and Mathematics, Minor: Philosophy