Daniel Zemichael Greater Seattle Area (425) - 449 - 2313 daniel.zemichael@gmail.com https://github.com/danze Summary Daniel is senior software engineer with 13 years of experience helping companies build successful software solutions. He has strong problem solving, coding, and system design skills. At Microsoft he's maintaining internal tools and services, enabling secure access to M365 datacenter infrastructure. At Nav he led technical design and implementation of features for a user account management service, developed a pub/sub messaging system improving data sync reliability between services, and enhanced the security of internal services. At Expedia Group he developed features for a Conversational AI platform, enhancing AI virtual agent efficiency for customer support. At Oracle he developed features for an Infrastructure-as-Code tool, streamlining automated provisioning of cloud resources. He increased the log retention period of a log search service, making it compliant with PCI DSS. He integrated Splunk metrics with internal telemetry service, improving monitoring and alerting for Splunk deployments. At Cision he maintained a web service used for Natural Language Classification, enhancing real-time text content analysis. He developed a transpiler from a proprietary search query language to Apache Lucene Query, facilitating customer transition to a new search service. At VMware he developed RPC framework and SDKs for Java and .NET, enabling third-party application development for VMware vSphere. Work Senior Software Engineer - Microsoft experience Redmond, WA Jun 2024 Present I'm maintaining tools and services that enable secure access to M365 datacenter infrastructure. These tools and services provide engineers with a platform for requesting and approving access, elevating privileges to higher security roles, and executing operations and scripts on datacenter machines. I'm involved in the full development lifecycle, from feature implementation and bug fixing to user support and issue resolution. Tech: C#, .NET, Azure, Internal tools and services Senior Staff Software Engineer - Nav Salt Lake City, UT (Remote) June 2020 May 2024 Maintained and developed features for a critical service used to manage user accounts and permissions. All other services directly or indirectly relied on this service to access user data and perform authorization checks. - was the technical lead for this project and I worked with Product Management and engineering teams to design and implement new business requirements. Tech: Go, GraphQL, Postgres Designed and implemented pub/sub messaging using AWS EventBridge and SQS. This was used to send real time data updates asynchronously from a publisher to consumers. And it helped my team improve the reliability of data sync between services. The implementation included designing client libraries for publishing messages to EventBridge and consuming from SQS, setting up event buses and queues using Terraform configurations, and updating applications. Tech: Go, AWS EventBridge, AWS SQS, Terraform Improved security of a few internal systems by adding service to service authorization based on OAuth 2.0 server-to-server authentication. Tech: Go, gRPC, Postgres Added Go language support to an existing code generator used to generate language specific messages and validation code from message schemas. This feature eliminated boilerplate and inconsistent message validation code from many applications. Tech: Go I'm a member of an Architecture Advisory Board at Nav. I reviewed and provided feedback on system designs and architectural changes proposed by engineering teams looking to implement new solutions. Formed and led a Go programming language learning group to help engineers at Nav who were looking to use the language for new projects. I also gave lessons on features of the language and commonly used libraries. Senior Software Engineer - Expedia Group Seattle, WA Oct 2019 May 2020 Developed and maintained features for a Conversational AI platform powering virtual agents for automated web-based customer support. The platform used a combination of predefined logic and Natural Language Understanding to assist customers with airline and hotel reservations. Tech: Java, Spring framework Senior Member of Technical Staff - Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) Seattle, WA Dec 2017 Feb 2019 Added new features to an existing Infrastructure as Code (laC) service that was used to provision cloud resources in OCI. I added support for Identity (user, group, policy, etc) and Database resources. And this helped my team save time when provisioning services at new cloud regions. Tech: Java, Dropwizard framework, OCI Added features to an existing log archiving and searching service used internally at OCI. I increased retention of logs up to a year in order to be compliant with one of the requirements in PCI DSS by compressing and storing older logs into Object Storage. Additionally, I provided users with an easier option to manage the processing of their logs through configuration by integrating the service with an existing laC system. Tech: Java, Dropwizard framework, Kafka Client, OCI Integrated Splunk real time metrics data with in-house telemetry service to allow monitoring of Splunk deployments through the in-house telemetry service. This helped my team to easily monitor the health of our Splunk deployments across all cloud regions and get alerts on important metrics such as heartbeat of instances, license and disk usage, and replication status. Tech: Go, Splunk REST API, Grafana, OCI Software Engineer - Cision Bellevue, WA Jan 2017 Sep 2017 Maintained a web service that utilized Natural Language Classification to analyze real time social media content. The service was based on pre-trained ML models that were generated using sample text documents sourced from news articles, blogs, and social media posts. Tech: Java, Spring framework, MongoDB, Docker Developed a transpiler from proprietary search query language to Apache Lucene Query to help customers transition away from a deprecated query language. It was used as a library by the search service to seamlessly translate old queries to the new type in real time. The parser was based on JavaCC and the application used Lucene Query API to translate from old to new syntax. Tech: Java, JavaCC, Lucene Query API Senior Member of Technical Staff - VMware Bellevue, WA Oct 2012 Dec 2016