Mark Henderson Washington, DC phone: 410.419.6737 email: mark.henderson@8trk.com Relevant Skills: Languages/Frameworks: Go, Python, PHP, JavaScript, Java, Django, Tornado, Flask, Laravel, Lumen, Play, gRPC, NodeJS, ExpressJS, WordPress, ReactJS, Svelte(kit) Databases: [My|PostGre|MS]Sql, Sqlite, Tinkerpop Gremlin, Neo4j, SurrealDB, MongoDB, RabbitMQ, Nats,Redis, ElasticSearch, Cassandra Markup: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JSON, XML, YAML Tooling: Git, Perforce, SVN, CSV, AWS, GCP, Kubernetes, Docker, Linux, Windows, Mac OS, Jenkins, Splunk, Jira Design: Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Sketch, Figma, Penpot, Procreate, SketchUp, Shapr3d Professional Experience: Cloudbees - Staff Software Engineer 2024 - 2025 Implemented modern Identity and Access Management (IAM) solutions, leveraging Keycloak, Auth0, SSO protocols (OIDC/SAML), and multi-factor authentication to enhance product security. Led a cross-functional team (front-end, back-end, PM, designers) to design and deliver authentication and authorization solutions that allowed customers to bring their existing workflows to Cloudbees. Owned end-to-end architecture and delivery of multiple mission-critical components, ensuring scalable, secure, and performant SaaS solutions used by Fortune 500 customers. Key Technologies: Go, Python, gRPC, JWT, Cassandra, Nats, PostgreSQL, Kubernetes, Docker, Keycloak, Auth0 Vinli - Senior Software Engineer Manager 2019 - 2024 Led the development and architecture of a company-wide identity platform, implemented in Go, designed to scale across 90+ microservices, providing secure access and management using JWTs for session identity. Developed core distributed systems using RabbitMQ and Kakfa, including real-time vehicle speed tracking with Google Maps and Open Street Maps datasets, system-wide event sourcing, and business-critical reporting features that leveraged Google BigQuery as storage engine. Spearheaded efforts to improve scalability and maintainability across systems, resulting in increased code reusability and overall stability. Optimized system infrastructure to improve service uptime and reduced costs through the implementation of efficient APIs, distributed logging, and search services. Key Technologies: Go, Python, gRPC, JWT, Redis, RabbitMQ, Kafka, PostgreSQL, Kubernetes, Docker, AWS, GCS Zenimax Online Studios - Senior Services Engineer 2017 - 2019 Led the design and development of a distributed services layer that scaled to handle millions of requests for Elder Scrolls Online, reducing downtime and increasing system performance across the board. Optimized code and infrastructure, cutting server requirements by more than 50%, significantly reducing compute and storage costs while maintaining fault tolerance. Integrated APIs from external providers such as Microsoft, Google, and Twitch, ensuring robust data handling across distributed systems. Built scalable, resilient backend systems with fault-tolerant designs, leveraging cloud-based solutions and in-memory data stores like Redis and Memcache. Key Technologies: Python, Go, Redis, Memcache, MariaDB, Kubernetes, AWS O'Neil Interactive - Director of Web Technologies 2015 - 2017 Managed a team of five developers in an hybrid product/agency environment. Oversaw the progression and maintenance of 15+ web-based applications. Architected scalable web applications and microservices for 15+ web-based applications, ensuring high availability and scalability. Developed a robust software development lifecycle and modular codebase, allowing rapid deployment of new features across client platforms. Implemented distributed systems for rapid scaling of client infrastructure, significantly reducing maintenance overhead. Key Technologies: Python, PHP, AWS, MySQL, Redis, Docker, NodeJS DST Systems (now SS&C Technologies) -- Technical Solutions Lead (2011 - 2015) Provides a wide array of software tools for the financial and healthcare industries. Managed a 20+ person development team with locations in Baltimore, MD; Kanas City, Mo; Beijing, China; and Mumbai, India. Lead technical development, planning, and resource allocation for applications used by Fortune 500 companies. Lead planning, development, and integration of the company's existing social networking tool into their largest application, targeting over 300k unique daily users. Converted the current in-house social networking application to a service oriented architecture saving on deployment turn around, development lifecycle churn, while increasing code coverage, and dramatically decreasing the number of bugs reported and increasing the rate in which issues were addressed. Defined new development procedures, coding style guidelines, and testing practices along with weekly code reviews and developer team meetings. This directly lead to an increase of developer morale and company-wide confidence in the code produced. Key Technologies: Java, Python, PHP, Redis, AWS, Docker, Kubernetes, PostgreSQL, MySQL AKQA -- Senior Creative Developer (2010 - 2011) Lead a four person development team for the front-end of Volkswagen's owner's portal website (http://owners.vw.com/vww./). Ensured that the site met Volkswagen's strict requirements in areas of browser compatibility, accessibility, and device degradation. Authored all complex JavaScript and CSS across projects within the company, while training team members in new/useful technologies. Created an open-standards compliant video player that is available on all devices with a flash fallback for browsers that do not fall within the current W3C standards definition. Lead the development in both Flash ActionScript3 and HTML5/CSS for Bethesda Software's The Elder Scrolls website (http://theelderscrolls.com). Key Technologies: PHP, Python, Redis, AWS, Vagrant, MySQL, JavaScript iMagicLab (now TheCRM) -- Lead Software Engineer (2009 - 2010) Provides tools in the automative dealer space that focuses on inventory administration, lead curation, and customer relationship management. Lead creation of software that allowed automobile dealerships to fully customize and manage web properties via an interactive dashboard. Created a service that allowed customers with a vehicle's VIN to see the service history, schedule service appointments, and submit appointment requests to view/test-drive vehicles. Created a white-label vehicle configuration Re-engineered the core foundation that are used in iMagicLab's infrastructure, including, but not limited to; an MVC framework that allows to rapidly prototype and build web applications, an PHP5-based ORM that allows for seamless and simple database abstraction, and developed an UI component kit that built with cutting-edge JavaScript and custom CSS used created a consistent UI/UX across all properties. Key Technologies: PHP, Java, Redis, Vagrant, MySQL, JavaScript Contributions: http://github.com/emehrkay 2008 - Present I currently maintain Python and Go-based projects that focus on integration with various graph databases like Tinkerpop, OrientDB, Neo4j, and SurrealDB. DatCode.io -- Board Member (2016 - Present) An inclusive community that focuses on giving Black and Brown technologists a space to breathe, be themselves, and provides tools for growth. As an active leader within an inclusive community dedicated to empowering Black and Brown technologists, I spearhead various initiatives aimed at fostering growth and development. My responsibilities encompass defining community initiatives, implementing strategic plans to facilitate growth opportunities, and providing mentorship to developers, equipping them with a comprehensive understanding of both coding and the broader technology industry landscape. Additionally, I ensure the maintenance of an open and inclusive environment through effective moderation, encouraging free and open dialogue. Moreover, I played a pivotal role in constructing the community's primary technology platform, which seamlessly integrates with Slack as a message bot, managing events, reminders, and custom command integrations. This involved leveraging a diverse technology stack, including Go, NodeJS, MongoDB, Python, Neo4j, MySQL, and PHP.