Amit Upadhyay Senior Golang Developer amitu101@gmail.com +919664980507 in linkedin.com/in/amit-upa Mumbai, India India PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY Senior Software Engineer with 10+ years of experience in designing, developing, and deploying complex applications across various technologies. - Expertise in backend development using Golang, building RESTful APIs and microservices architectures. - Skilled in Golang, Rust, PHP, web development frameworks, cloud platforms (AWS), and DevOps practices Docker, Kubernetes, CI/CD). - Extensive knowledge of version control systems (Git, SVN) and project management tools (Jira, Confluence). - Proven ability to lead and collaborate effectively within a team environment SKILLS Golang Rust PHP Gin, Gorilla/Mux Rocket Codeigniter MySQL MongoDB HTML5 PostGres CS53 JavaScript AWS Docker JQuery/ReactJS GCP Kubernetes RabbitMQ Postman Git DataDog Swagger Jira Confluence WORK HISTORY 06/2024 - 09/2025 Contract with Toyota Motors via Vdart Digital Senior Golang Developer Designed and developed backend microservices for Toyota Pay Admin Portal and Customer Wallet Services using Go (Golang). Built Kafka-based event flow between Stripe Webhooks and backend services for reliable, asynchronous transaction processing. Implemented capture, overcapture, and wallet top-up logic integrated with Stripe. Enhanced transaction reliability and concurrency using Goroutines, WaitGroups, and channels. Developed reusable modules for account, wallet, and consent management integrated through shared tp-common library. Deployed and monitored services using Docker, Kubernetes, and Datadog. Participated in code reviews, error tracing, and logging improvements across services. Used Jira, Confluence, and Git for sprint tracking, documentation, and version control. 08/2022 - 10/2023 Contract with NTUC via NCS Technologies Senior Golang Developer Designed and built high-performance data APIs, microservices, and middleware in Golang, leveraging goroutines and design patterns for optimal efficiency. Implemented secure authentication for gRPC and RESTful APIs using JWT. Engineered large-scale data processing solutions to handle millions of records from PostgreSQL. Established a full DevOps lifecycle: creating Docker images, building CI/CD pipelines with Jenkins, and implementing monitoring with Datadog. Managed cloud infrastructure, including S3 storage Maintained high code quality through comprehensive unit testing and auto- generated API documentation via go-swagger. 06/2021 - 07/2022 L&T Tech Services Senior Golang Developer Configured projects and integrated necessary tools and services. Captured and documented requirements in Confluence. Developed Restful API services using Golang and integrated payment gateways with the Gin framework. Implemented concurrent data processing with Goroutines and channels. Used Gorilla Mux for routing requests in Golang applications. Created Docker images and utilized GoLang libraries for code quality and race condition handling Designed and executed unit test cases using testing and testify packages. Developed microservices to process data from PostgreSQL and MySQL Generated PDF reports with Golang and XML for multilingual customer communication. Built a classifieds website with Golang, microservices, and various frameworks and technologies. Logged system events and alerts to databases using Golang Designed and Implemented lexer/parser for specification test files in Golang. Improved existing microservices by redesigning data pipelines. 10/2019 - 12/2020 PrivacyPillar Senior Golang Developer Configured projects and integrated necessary tools and services. Captured, analyzed, and documented requirements in Confluence. Developed new Restful API services using Golang. Integrated payment gateway subscriptions using the Gin framework. Handled concurrent data processing with Goroutines and channels. Implemented routing with Gorilla Mux for request handling. Created Docker images and utilized Golang libraries like go-rmt, go-vet, and go- dep. Designed and executed unit tests using testing and testify packages. Optimized program performance by Implementing Goroutines. Developed microservices in Golang for data processing with Postgres and MySQL. Generated reports using Golang and XML for monthly distribution. Proficient in backend development with Golang, Microservices, Channels, Gokit, ORM GORM, CLI, Gorilla Mux, Go-hystrix, godoc, ginkgo, gRPC, MongoDB, Firebase, Kinvey, and Parse. Designed and implemented lexer/parser for specification test files in Golang Improved existing microservices by redesigning data pipelines. 05/2016 - 09/2018 Konsultera Solutions Golang Developer Developed Go APIs with the Revel framework, utilizing Ginkgo for Test- Driven Development. Enhanced code for new releases and integrated PostgreSQL databases. Conducted unit testing and benchmarking for Golang microservices. Created MongoDB collections and services to retrieve user data. Developed front-end features with JavaScript and handled client-side validations. Managed server-side development, including DB connections and PHP coding Designed application modules, base classes, and utility classes using Core PHP. Created web pages using CSS, HTML, AJAX, and JavaScript Accessed third-party web services using XML, and SOAP. 12/2013 - 04/2016 NWDCO Web Developer Captured requirements and interacted with clients and business teams. Followed Agile methodology, releasing iterations of small functionalities. Managed offshore and onshore development teams, coordinating across time zones. Designed and coded modules from requirements to development. Created dynamic web pages tailored to user location criteria. Developed code for bank payment and money transfer via ACH and credit cards. Created and utilized web services with AXI5. Designed and implemented middleware and front-end frameworks using JWT and Codeigniter. Used Hibernate for data storage and retrieval between PHP and MySQL Developed and implemented front-end components with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, and AJAX Collaborated with analysts to develop use cases, design, and write code. Utilized XML for data transfer and file parsing between applications. EDUCATION 06/2010 - 06/2013 Master of Computer Applications Mumbai University-Mumbai 06/2007 - 06/2010 Bachelor of Science Mumbal University-Mumbai, Maharashtra LANGUAGES English Hindi Fluent Native