RITIKA JAIN Mannheim, Germany (68165) Ph: +4917621120296 Date of Birth: 25-06-1997 ritikajain2506@gmail.com LinkedIn: Ritika Jain GitHub: Ritika Jain EDUCATION MIT College of Engineering, Pune, India, July 2015 - June 2019 Bachelor of Engineering (Information Technology) EXPERIENCE Software Engineer II I Warner Bros. Discovery June 2022 - Present Currently developing an Ad-tech project in Golang involving multiple microservices that integrate with third-party vendors via Rest APIs to obtain audience segments, analyze customer playback experience, and pass this data to our ad gateway service for storing relevant ads to enhance user experience. Integrated Event-Driven AWS Lambda with a custom Go library to efficiently restructure and process S3 bucket events, triggered via SQS notifications, for downstream systems within a serverless distributed system. Designed, developed, and deployed a high-load, data-intensive pipeline using AWS Kinesis Data Streams, Firehose, Glue, and Lambda to transform JSON into Parquet and store in S3, improving data collection, analytics workflows, and system scalability with full ownership of the feature from concept through production and also onboarding custom metrics and structured logs to strengthen observability. Developed self-service infrastructure tools and internal data platform services, including a reliable batch ingestion service for large-scale data processing, by implementing scalable AWS infrastructure (Lambda, S3, DynamoDB, Databricks) and leveraging Golang concurrency primitives (goroutines, channels) to build real-time, low-latency systems. Contributed to process improvements by enhancing high-performance Akka-based Java applications and integrating Content-Ad Manifest Stitching for OTT platforms, ensuring systems and workflows evolved with industry trends through agile Scrum sprints. Led the E2E lifecycle of Golang microservice applications, utilizing Docker, and Kubernetes for streamlined deployment and using logging tools like Prometheus, Grafana, Datadog. Led the BOLT Cloud Migration for application microservices managing Makefile setup, GitHub CI/CD pipelines, Helm chart configurations, AWS infrastructure provisioning via Terraform and DevOps initiatives improving deployment workflows and enabling cross-team collaboration for seamless platform adoption and test deployments. Setup Lettuce client to create connection with AWS Elasticache (Redis) to use it for playback state storage purposes. Mentor team members on Go best practices and system design, while championing agile workflows and fostering cross-team knowledge exchange. Software Developer Amdocs, Pune, India July 2019 - June 2022 Led E2E software development, specializing in backend systems design, while ensuring code quality through rigorous test automation, code reviews, and the integration of new technologies. Applied strong expertise in telecommunications technology, overseeing construction and conversion of systems and infrastructure. Proficient in deployment processes, workflows, and adept in planning, organization, decision-making, and analytical problem-solving. Practicing TDD for robust, testable code while leveraging build tools (Maven, Jenkins), Git/Bitbucket expertise, and strong SDLC proficiency. Utilized strong algorithmic skills within the Spring ecosystem, employing Spring Boot to streamline development and enhance product functionality, resulting in scalable applications. Streamlined product delivery with Order Orchestration, using Golang, Java, Spring Boot, Amdocs tools, and automation scripts in Groovy and shell for efficient regression testing and environment stability. Utilized MySQL databases for the effective storage and management of order orchestration and customer data. SOFTWARE & TOOLS Docker Jenkins I JIRA I Grafana I Bitbucket I Datadog I Kubernetes I Confluence I CI/CD I Github I Intellij I Visual Studio Code CORE SUBJECTS Object-oriented design I Data Structures And Algorithms I DBMS I Design Patterns I System Design SKILLS Java Go I SQL I MySQL I Linux Commands I Scala I Redis I AWS I HTML I CSS I Helm I Makefile Spring Boot I Rest API I Junit I Mockito I Maven I Jenkins I Kafka I sbt I AWS DynamoDB I AWS Lambda NoSQL LANGUAGES English (Native) I German (B1 Goal - Current A1) I Hindi (Native)