DIVYAM CHUGH divyamchugh50@gmail.com +91-9997992404 LinkedIn </> Coding Profile Experience Amantya Technologies Aug 2024 - Present Senior Software Engineer Developed the Fault Management Service (FMS) microservice in golang to trigger real-time alarms for system failures and errors across 5G Core nodes. Migrated the database from PostgreSQL to Couchbase, achieving a 20% reduction in query response time and improving overall performance. Implemented 5G NAS integrity algorithms (NIA1, NIA3) in the AMF Registration procedure using Golang, ensuring 3GPP- compliant secure UE authentication and signaling protection Applied Docker for containerization and Kubernetes for deployment and scalability during this project. Migrated synchronous inter-service calls to gRPC bidirectional streaming, reducing latency by ~30% and improving AMF control-plane throughput under high UE load. Octro Inc Feb 2021 - Jul 2024 Backend Developer Designed, developed, and tested core gameplay mechanics and rules for the blackjack game, ensuring all conditions and requirements were met, resulting in a 25% increase in game retention. Developed and maintained core game logic and architecture using Golang, ensuring scalability and real-time performance for a variety of games like Poker, Blackjack, and Slots. Designed and implemented APIs using C++, enabling seamless communication between game clients and servers. Developed multiple Slot themes, and then optimized them by query optimization that led to faster retrieval, significantly enhancing performance by 33% Designed and implemented an event-driven player behavior analytics pipeline using Apache Kafka, enabling real-time tracking of gameplay events and scalable user behavior analysis without impacting core game performance. Skills Languages: Golang, C++, Erlang, SQL, Java Tools: GitHub, Kafka, vs Code, JIRA, MySQL, Redis, PostgreSQL, RabbitMQ Platforms: Linux, Kubernetes, 5G, CI/CD, AWS, Docker, Restful API, gRPC Projects Blackjack Platform Feb 2024 Developed the end-to-end backend for the Blackjack game, implementing complete game flow, betting, hand evaluation, and payout logic. Designed a modular, scalable architecture using Golang to support real-time gameplay, high concurrency, and fault tolerance. Tech Stack: Golang, Microservices, Client-Server Architecture, REST APIs, Concurrency, Git, Redis, Kafka, C#, Jenkins Certificate NASSCOM Certification - Product Skill Development Education JIIT, Noida Jun 2017 - Jun 2021 B.Tech in Computer Science; CGPA: 8 Noida Achievements Received a Pat on the Back from the CTO of Octro Inc. in recognition of assuming full ownership of priority server-side production deployments and exceeding organizational expectations.