Luiz Henrique da Silva Cavalcante Ceara, Brazil LinkedIn Github Gmail CERTIFICATION EDUCATION Equitech Futures Institute University of Oxford XP EDUCAÇÃO Analysis and Systems Development Graduated Polkadot Blockchain Academy 2025 April 2023 December 2025, Belo Horizonte MG Brazil University of Lucerne Global Peace Chain - Oxford University EEEP Leonel de Moura Brizola High School and Administration Technician Diplomas Developing on AWS February 2018 December 2020, Fortaleza CE Brazil Blockchain Fundamentals Completed High School with an unweighted GPA of 9.3 out of 10 Tokenized RWA Bootcamp Chainlink CCIP Bootcamp EXPERIENCES Docker Software Architecture Fundamentals iFood Software Engineer Solid Express December 2023 ongoing Domain Driven Design Designed and implemented a different backend to our AI Agent on the app in golang. AWARDS Designed and implemented the backend of an engagement system with APIs for push notifications, virtual coins, coin expiration, and user ranking increasing app engagement by 20% and improving push notification CTR by 50%. Silver Medal in Information Developed a Python state machine powering the backend of our WhatsApp AI Technology at the Brazilian Young Agent. Currently in production being used for two cities in Brazil. Scientists Fair in 2020: Largest Led the development of an AI project in Golang in partnership with Prosus, Brazilian virtual science fair; impacting 10,000+ users during its testing phase and achieving all defined national-level award. objectives. Gold Medal in Computer Science at Wrote unit and integration tests to ensure system reliability. 85% of Mostratec in 2019: Largest Science coverage. Fair in Latin America with more than Technologies: Golang, Python, JavaScript, Postgres, SQL, K8s, AWS S3/SQS, Redis, 20 countries; International-level Docker, Kafka, Prompt Engineering, Unit Test and Integration Tests. award. Research Excellence Award by Abric in iFood - Intern Software Engineer 2019: Brazilian Association for the July 2023 December 2023 Encouragement of Science; national-level award. Developed Cerebro, a Generative AI project recommending startups based on user input to help 5,000 employees find optimal solutions from a shared startup Silver Medal in Information database. Technology at FENADANTE in 2019: - Built the project with Python (Flask) and integrated it with Slack API, Google Dante Alighieri National Fair, Sheets API, and OpenAI API. national-level award. - Managed CI/CD pipelines and conducted prompt engineering. Created additional internal tools using Golang. Publication of a scientific article by ABRIC in 2019. Technologies: Golang, Python and Prompt Engineering. Featured project by the ESPM College iFood Intern Business Developer Data Analyst of São Paulo: A national-level award February 2022 July 2023 LANGUAGES Conducted research to identify new business opportunities for iFood's innovation team. English C1 Queried internal project data using SQL and PySpark in Databricks, and created dashboards in Tableau. Portuguese C2 Monitored an internal Affiliate Program, analyzing sessions, lead generation, German A1 sales per affiliate, and campaign performance. Technologies: Python, PySpark, SQL, Tableau and Databricks