Om Gupta New Delhi +91-9643959973 omgupta1608@gmail.com Linkedln Website Experience Cloud Engineer at Aftershoot (Delhi, India) SEP 2023 - PRESENT Migrated the entire payments service from Python to Golang and integrated Stripe for subscription management overall reducing the error rate by 40%. Took ownership of the product's entire payments and the marketplace modules. Working on the ML Preprocessing and Training cloud pipeline written in Python running on Google's Vertex AI. Been part of many rewrites/migrations and optimisations of various components of the infrastructure ensuring standardization across the platform. Maintaining APIs in the Go programming language and Cloud infrastructure on the Google Cloud Platform. Automated various manual day-to-day tasks handled by the tech team on user requests through an end-to-end internal dashboard with fine grained access control built from scratch. Software Engineer at BridgeUp (Mumbai, India) JUN 2022 - AUG 2023 One of the first engineers working on the Backend. Used Golang for data intensive workloads. Implemented GraphQL API resolvers using Typescript (NodeJS) containing business logic. Integrated various 3rd party APIs including Hubspot, Karza, Perfios. Integrated APIs of popular Indian Banks like Kotak Mahindra Bank, Yes Bank, Axis Bank etc. Wrote Python to collect and compile data into spreadsheets and diagrams for business needs. Also worked on the front end using ReactJs and Apollo GraphQL client. Extensively using AWS services like Lambda, ECS, RDS, Cloudwatch, Eventbridge. Maintaining the entire infrastructure as code using Terraform. Using Postgres Database with Hasura. Also worked with Java Spring Boot for a while, building a few microservices from scratch. Junior Software Engineer at Diagright (Gurugram, India) OCT 2021-MAY 2022 Developed NodeJs REST APIs to be consumed directly by the mobile application. Dealing with Database design changes and maintaining code quality across the back end infrastructure. Wrote an in-house tool called 'Hulk' to monitor API traffic and identity management. Did everything from developing to deploying the tool on production. Configured AWS Cloudwatch in our back end services, running on AWS EC2, to increase visibility and monitoring. Integrated RazorpayX and Paytm from scratch to support Online Transactions and Payouts. Documented all the REST APIs using Postman, hence boosting developer productivity. Education Bachelors in Computer Applications / Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, New Delhi CGPA: 9.76/10.0 Senior Secondary CBSE / Army Public School, Lucknow (Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics with Computer Science) Percentage: 94.4% Languages and Technologies Programming Skills/Languages: Golang, Rust, Typescript (NodeJs), C++ Web Development: Go Gin, GraphQL, Hasura, Express, Flask, ReactJs Databases: PostgreSQL, Firebase, MongoDB Other Skills: Stripe, Microservices, Protocol Buffers, AWS, GCP, Git, Postman, Docker Achievements Smart India Hackathon 2022 Winner (Team Leader) AUG 2022 Lead a team of 6 that won the national level Smart India Hackathon 2022 for Problem Statement VS938 by UGC. Resume Last Updated: March 1 2025