NIKHIL KHANDELWAL Software Engineer @ nikhil.khandelwal225@gmail.com 91-8829043219 Jaipur,Rajasthan - India in https://www.linkedin.com/in/nikhil-khandelwal-a918171bb/ EXPERIENCE EDUCATION Software Engineer Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech)- IndiaMART (Livekeeping Technologies) 7.36 CGPA The LNM Institute of Information Tech- June 2025 - Present Noida, India nology Built a rate limiter using the Token Bucket algorithm to handle high-traffic API requests efficiently. 2020 2024 Created an automated alert system to detect and notify Higher Secondary - 91.4% when backend servers go down. Central Board of Secondary Education Applied encryption and decryption on the payment 2019 page to secure sensitive customer transactions. Developed backend functionalities for CRM modules Secondary - 8.6 CGPA including lead management and order processing. Central Board of Secondary Education Created performance monitoring reports to track and 2017 debug API issues using Kibana. Application Developer PROJECTS IBM India Pvt Ltd June 2024 - May 2025 Bengaluru, India PromptAl | HTML, CSS, Javascript, Node.js, Designed and implemented RESTful APIs, integrating React.js, MongoDB, Express.js, Web API third-party services and optimizing database interac- Designed and developed a dynamic tions. web application with the help of Ope- Developed and maintained backend services using nAl's DALL-E to allow users to generate Golang, ensuring high performance and scalability. unique AI images based on user entered Worked with MySQL for efficient data management, prompts. optimizing queries for performance and reliability. Created a seamless and intuitive user Collaborated with cross-functional teams to develop interface that facilitated prompt input scalable and efficient backend solutions. and image generation. Additionally, designed and implemented TECHNICAL SKILLS a dynamic homepage displaying posts generated by the community, fostering collaboration and sharing of Al-generated Golang artworks. Microservices REST API ACHIEVEMENTS C++ Redis Solved 400+ questions on Leetcode, GeeksforGeeks and other coding plat- Data Structures & Algorithms forms. Databases - SQL, MongoDB Secured All India Rank of 49486 out of 1.1 Million candidates in JEE Mains 2020. TOOLS / FRAMEWORKS PERSONAL INTERESTS Git/GitHub Kibana Hobbies: Travelling VS Code