Hector Friedman-Cintron Principal Full-Stack Engineer hector.friedman.cintron@gmail.com I 978-835-4030 I Alexandria, VA Hector is a senior engineering leader with over 14 years of experience architecting large-scale distributed systems and guiding organizations through technical and cultural transformation. He blends deep expertise in AI, cloud in- frastructure, and data-intensive platforms with a track record of building and mentoring high-performing teams. As a hands-on technologist and strategic partner, he has led initiatives that cut incident response times by 92%, acceler- ated release cycles by 4x, and aligned engineering outcomes with business growth goals. Proficient in Python, Go, and TypeScript, Hector thrives at the intersection of architecture, DevOps automation, and organizational scaling driving innovation from concept to market. He is now seeking a Staff Engineer, Principal Engineer, or early-stage CTO role where he can unite technical vision and leadership to deliver resilient, high-impact systems. Skills Python Bash MySQL Zookeeper Go Google Cloud Plat- PostgreSQL Storm TypeScript form (GCP) MongoDB NoSQL JavaScript Amazon Web Ser- Redis Cypress React vices (AWS) Elasticsearch Jest Flask Docker Git Caddy Linux Django GraphQL Google BigQuery FastAPI Kubernetes gRPC Google Storage Terraform Next.js Protobuf OpenAl Ruby-on-Rails Ansible Kafka Experience Principal Full-Stack Engineer SuperWise AI Remote I Alexandria, VA Mar 2025 - Present Partnered with executives to define Go-To-Market strategies & align engineering initiatives with product goals. Built cross-platform integrations with the Flowise AI observability framework using Knative, Kubernetes, Python, OpenAl API, and Datadog, improving visibility and reliability. Developed a unified Max Tokens control system across OpenAl, Anthropic, Gemini, Vertex AI, and self-hosted models for consistent prompt management and safeguards. Led MCP platform development, enabling secure LLM agent communication and creating remote-access dev environments via personal development, reverse-proxies. Developed scalable interview framework and coached 20+ engineers, strengthening team capability and quality. Technologies: Python, PostgreSQL, Kubernetes, Knative, OpenAl API, Datadog, Google Cloud Platform Staff Full-Stack Engineer Grocket.io Remote I Alexandria, VA July 2024 - Feb 2025 Architected auto-scaling infrastructure on AWS by leveraging HCL, Terraform, Bash and Github Actions Leveraged gRPC and Protobuf to create a Go-based authentication microservice. Developed a queuing system for webhook forwarding written in pure Go with channels and go routines. Technologies: Terrafrom, Bash, Go, PostgreSQL, GCP,AWS, Bash, Linux, Next.js, SQLc, SQL Technical Lead I Full-Stack Engineer Shop-Ware Remote I San Francisco, CA Oct 2022 - June 2024 Implemented metrics for application monitoring that improved the early identification of production issues and reduced average incidence response time by 92%. Managed team of 8 engineers exceeding KPI targets for three consecutive quarters and contributing to the development of features as an individual contributor. Revamped the CI/CD pipeline using GitHub Actions and Heroku, transitioning from bi-weekly to daily deploy- ments, which accelerated release cycles and reduced production rollbacks by 90%. Technologies: Ruby-on-Rails, Bash, Heroku, Postgres, StatsD Staff Full-Stack Engineer Medallion Insight Remote I Washington, DC Feb 2019 - Oct 2022 Collaborated with leaders to rewrite critical testing and infrastructure code, resulting in enhanced test cover- age, build times that were four times faster, and several hours of development time saved per week. Developed asynchronous microservices using Go, gRPC, and Protobuf to monitor and aggregate application data, improving overall system health and performance metrics. Designed CI/CD pipelines leveraging GitHub Actions and BuildKite that streamlined deployment processes resulting in a 50% increase in developer productivity. Technologies: Go, Python, Ruby-on-Rails, GraphQL, MySQL, Bash, Elm, Kubernetes, React, JavaScript Senior Full-Stack Engineer Basket Arlington, VA Jul 2018 - Jan 2019 Designed and implemented a mobile-friendly React website (massclarity.com) with an integrated backend email service written in Go on AWS lambda in less than a week. Collaborated with business stakeholders to prioritize development efforts, resulting in automated SQL reports written in Node that helped generate $40,000 in additional revenue. Technologies: Python, React, Node, Bash, JavaScript, AWS, Go, Cypress, MySQL, Docker Full-Stack Engineer Maxar Technologies Arlington, VA Apr 2016 - Jul 2018 Created a Big Data pipeline in Python that could record tens to hundreds of gigabytes of geo-spatial events per day via Kafka and stored them in a NoSQL database and Elasticsearch for retrieval via web requests. Provisioned AWS production environments using tools such as AWS CloudFormation, Vagrant, Ansible, and Docker, ensuring reliable and scalable deployments across the organization. Technologies: Python, Kafka, Docker, MongoDB, Elasticsearch, PostgreSQL, Bash, AWS, React, Angular, Type- Script, JavaScript, Terraform, Vagrant Machine Learning Engineer Accenture Washington, DC Mar 2013 - Apr 2016 Technologies: MySQL, Python, MongoDB, JavaScript Education Certified Scrum Master, Certified through Scrum Alliance 2017 General Assembly, Certificate of Data Science 2016 The Johns Hopkins University, BS Mechanical Engineering 2008 2012 Phillips Academy Andover, HS Diploma 2004 2008 Projects Shed CLI, Maintainer, https://github.com/H3JFC/shed Hector Friedman-Cintron, Principal Full-Stack Engineer Page 2