CIOBAN GEORGE-ADRIAN +40 737 850 966 cgeorgeadrian@gmail.com LinkedIn - cgeorgeadrian GitHub - adriangeorge WORK EXPERIENCE Genez.io September 2023 - Present Software Engineer: Golang, Typescript, Python, React Working on the company's second product, a LLM chat bot testing framework, I have implemented core backend features such as running simulations with custom personas, wrote CI/CD pipelines, automating a release pipeline and developing the frontend component using React Designed, developed, and deployed to production an automated build system handling an average of 100 builds per day, with a peak of 250 builds in a single day. The system utilizes a Kubernetes cluster as a compute pool and Argo Workflows for build scheduling. An orchestrator service, which I wrote using Golang, manages incoming, ongoing and completed build requests. Leveraging Kubernetes, ArgoCD, and GitOps practices, designed and developed a prototype enabling developers to automatically package and deploy Node.js applications to a multi-tenant cluster using minimal configuration. Deployment configurations (Ingress, Service, Deployment, etc.) were dynamically rendered using Helm Charts. The prototype was successfully live-tested at Kubernetes Community Days Romania 2024, where a WebSocket application deployed on this infrastructure was used for an interactive Q&A session by our CEO. Genez.io December 2022 - June 2023 Developer (Diploma Project): Golang, Typescript Collaborated with Genezio and assisted with building a cloud deployment platform based on unikernels for near instant boot-up times and small memory footprints Researched and evaluated unikernel solutions (OSv and Nanos) with Firecracker support, created test images for both, and ultimately selected OSv for its robust documentation and ease of use during the prototype phase Using AST (Abstract Syntax Tree), developed a code analysis tool to extract Kotlin class and method metadata, enabling single-command deployment of methods as serverless functions across local, AWS Lambda, and unikernel (OSv) environments. Dvloper.io November 2022 - March 2024 Software Engineer: Golang, Typescript, Angular Contributed as a mentor in an internal academy program, training and guiding junior developers in best practices, software development methodologies, and hands-on projects. Built a Kubernetes cluster management platform similar to Amazon EKS on OpenStack, automating cluster creation using Ansible and Golang.A Terraform plugin was developed in order to enable seamless interaction with the solution, aiding infrastructure as code (IaC) workflows. Implemented a SD-WAN monitoring tool using Golang, allowing for metric collection, storage in time-series databases like Prometheus and InfluxDB, aggregation, and visualization through Grafana. Luxoft January 2022 - November 2022 Junior Developer: Embedded C Worked on the development and testing of embedded Linux-based systems using the C programming language for managed network switches Gained experience working with Layer 2 & 3 protocols (SNMP, SNTP, ARP, STP, etc.) Graitec July 2021 - January 2022 Junior Developer: C# / C++ Worked on the development and maintenance of computer-aided design (CAD) software using the C++ (Back-end) and C# (Front-end) programming languages. Focused on implementing and optimizing new and existing features and functionalities using WPF and the Eyeshot CAD engine. Systems Lab - CS and Engineering Department January 2020 - June 2022 Python Developer / Collaborator Contributed towards the development of a open source Quiz Manager application used to generate Linux quizzes and classify exam questions for more than 400 students each year. The app mentioned above was developed using Python3 Cut down on manual question review time by writing a script to automatically tag question chapters EDUCATION Master of Science, Parallel and distributed computer systems Oct. 2025 - July 2027 Polytechnic University of Bucharest: Faculty of Automatic Control and Computer Science Bucharest, Romania Relevant Courses: Parallel Programming Cluster and Grid Computing Computer Vision Internet of things Bachelor of Science, Computer Science Oct. 2019 - July 2023 Polytechnic University of Bucharest: Faculty of Automatic Control and Computer Science Bucharest, Romania Relevant Courses: Data Structures & Algorithms Communication Protocols Distributed and Parallel Algorithms Object Oriented Programming Operating Systems SKILLS Programming: Golang, C, C++, Python, TypeScript, Kotlin Cloud & DevOps: Kubernetes, Docker, Terraform, AWS, ArgoCD, Helm Distributed Systems: Unikernels, MicroVMs, Serverless Tools: Git, Linux, CI/CD, Prometheus, Grafana