Mugdha Mirashi Consultant Developer Email: mugdhamirashi19@gmail.com Contact: +91 9082793776 Linkedin: linkedin.com/in/mugdha-mirashi-2b1853177 Skilled Software Engineer with 3.9 years of experience specializing in backend development using Golang. Demonstrated expertise in designing and optimizing high-performance APIs and microservices to improve efficiency and scalability. Experienced in using containerization technologies like Docker and Kubernetes to streamline deployments while ensuring system uptime and performance. EXPERIENCE: Coditas July 2022 - Present Software Engineer Engineered and maintained backend systems using Golang and the Gin web framework. Designed and created RESTful APIs and microservices for high performance and scalability,improving overall efficiency by 25%. Deployed and orchestrated containerized applications using Docker and Kubernetes, managing 10+ containers across 3 environments, improving deployment and ensuring seamless scaling Enhanced performance with effective concurrency management, resulting in a 30% reduction in response times,along with custom logging, error handling, testing and optimization. Executed ad-hoc tasks, including an ETL pipeline implementation that achieved 99% accuracy in computed results. Mentored 5-10 junior developers, leading 2 POCs that contributed for new features. SKILLS Software/Tools: VSCode, Github, Gitlab, JIRA Devops: Docker, Kubernetes(Basic), AWS Software skills: Data structures and algorithms(DSA), Golang, Node.js, PostgreSQL, RESTful APIs, Microservices, OpenSearch, Jenkins, Websocket, Python, Kafka, Redis. PROJECTS: Stock-Broking Application Technologies Used: Golang, PostgreSQL, CockroachDB, WebSocket, Docker, Kubernetes, Jenkins Built a scalable stock-broking application using Golang and the Gin framework, handling over 100-200 transactions per second, with a microservices architecture for high availability. Implemented RESTful APIs and WebSocket for real-time updates, achieving response times of under 50 ms. Integrated GORM with PostgreSQL and OpenSearch to enhance advanced search capabilities and data analytics, automating data fetching with cron jobs, which improved data retrieval efficiency by 30% and reduced manual intervention. Maintained rigorous version control on API specifications through consistent updates based on feedback loops with development teams; improved overall developer efficiency across three projects leading to faster feature rollouts. Boosted system performance by implementing concurrent processing with goroutines and channels, increasing throughput by 20% and reducing processing time, resulting in more efficient resource utilization. Developed and optimized search and sorting algorithms for efficient retrieval and ranking of user watchlists, reducing query response time by 20% and improving the experience. Portfolio, Watchlist and Alert management system for trading Technologies Used: Golang, PostgreSQL, WebSocket, Docker, Jenkins Created a BFF for watchlist management, enabling CRUD operations for over 1,000+ scripts via APIs. Designed an alert system for managing trading notifications, processing alerts daily to ensure timely updates and improve trading efficiency. GenAI & RAG System Development (Capstone Project) Independent Project / Capstone 2025 Built a Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) system that operates fully locally, combining: ChromaDB for vector storage LangChain-like memory for contextual responses PII guardrails for data privacy OpenTelemetry for system observability Integrated LLM-based contextual memory to enable intelligent retrieval from personal knowledge bases. Designed and tested data ingestion, embedding, and query pipelines, achieving high-accuracy document retrieval for large text corpora. Implemented custom observability metrics and tracing to monitor token usage, latency, and model performance. Developed custom validators and filters to detect hallucinations and enforce safe AI outputs. Containerized the entire system using Docker for local deployment and reproducibility. Explored multi-modal RAG extensions for future scalability using structured and unstructured data (text + metadata). EDUCATION Masters of science, Applied Mathematics and Computer Application July 2019 - July 2022 DES Fergusson College, Pune Bachelor of science, Mathematics July 2015 - July 2018 KET's Vaze-kelkar college, Mumbai