MATEI CHELES SOFTWARE ENGINEER CONTACT PROFILE As a determined and passionate software engineer with 3 years of experience, I specialize in +40733781985 backend development with a strong command of Go. I have experience designing both microservice-oriented architectures and implementing monolithic systems. I'm well-versed in mateichelesdev@gmail.com PostgreSQL, REST APIs, and gRPC, always aiming to build robust and efficient systems. https://www.linkedin.com/in/matei- My unique background blends technical expertise with studies in organizational psychology, cheles-b16435156/ allowing me to approach software development from a holistic perspective. This diverse foundation has proven invaluable in my career so far, allowing me to better understand my role in Vodafone and to achieve high customer satisfaction while working on various projects. SKILLS Backend Development WORK EXPERIENCE Go Go Developer Vodafone Intelligent Solutions (_VOIS) December 2022 Present Kotlin / Springboot SQL Contributed to a cloud automation initiative within a gRPC Go-based microservices architecture. REST, gRPC Led initiatives to automate network documentation processes, reducing manual effort and ensuring up-to-date infrastructure visibility. Led the development of key project areas, delivering Go-based solutions optimized for customer needs. Actively contributed to numerous company side projects using Go, continually EDUCATION refining my technical expertise and versatility. Graduate Took part in mentorship initiatives in dual roles, as a mentee to learn from experienced engineers and as a mentor to support others' development. Link Academy, IT fundamentals 2021-2022 Master's Facultatea de Psihologie si Stiintle Educatiei, Universitatea Bucuresti Kotlin Backend Developer 2020-2022 March 2024 May 2025 Bacherol's VibeCheck Facultatea de Psihologie si Stiintle Educatiei, Developed the backend using Kotlin, Spring Boot, Hibernate, and PostgreSQL as Universitatea Bucuresti the main technologies. Supported the development of the startup application, taking ownership of key 2017-2020 backend components and contributing to its technical foundation. Designed and implemented a monolithic architecture, exposing a REST API. Applied a CQRS-inspired design pattern while leveraging domain-driven design (DDD). LANGUAGES Optimized PostgreSQL database performance with proper indexing, query tuning, and efficient transactional handling. English Implemented caching for popular endpoints to improve performance and reduce database load. Romanian