CHASE KINER (567) . 203 7012 <> ckiner99@gmail.com EXPERIENCE Tanium June 2021 - Present Software Engineer Remote Designed and developed robust data processing pipelines for real-time asset inventory data, enhancing the accuracy and immediacy of insights for Fortune 500 clients. Delivered AWS and Intune integrations, providing comprehensive inventory management and action- ability over previously undiscovered cloud and mobile assets. Developed and deployed automated endpoint reconciliation processes, ensuring disparate data sources (e.g., discovery tools, CMDBs, purchasing records) converged into a single, accurate source of truth. Architected a scalable software normalization engine integrated with a content delivery network, en- suring rapid deployment and real-time updates of normalization rules across global endpoints. Developed sensors to gather software information across millions of Windows, Linux and MacOS devices. Modernized the frontend architecture, implementing design patterns that support AI agent interaction protocols and facilitate autonomous navigation of application interfaces. Accenture Federal Services March 2020 - June 2021 Senior Technical Consultant Remote Developed critical API integrations between Salesforce and back-end systems to facilitate real-time data access for external customer use via a dedicated portal. Architected bespoke Salesforce integration solutions for a major enterprise client in the federal sector, driving their digital transformation efforts to launch a new customer portal. Acumen Solutions (Salesforce) June 2018 - March 2020 Software Engineer Cleveland, OH Led a team of 4 developers in the delivery of a new call center application, designed to streamline agent workflows and consolidate disparate data sources. Developed key features like automated logging and CTI integrations, which improved average call handling time by 15 seconds. PROJECTS LedFX/Spotify Python, WLED, ESP8266 Integrated Spotify's advanced audio analysis (including metrics like danceability, energy, and tempo) with the ledFX platform to drive synchronized, dynamic LED visual effects to create lights that "Dance to the music" Self-Navigation & Object Recognition Python, TensorFlow Developed navigation software in Python for a small-scale robot, integrating an AI/Machine Learning model for real-time object recognition to facilitate autonomous movement and obstacle avoidance. TECHNICAL SKILLS Languages & Frameworks Typescript/Javascript, React, Node.js Go, SQL Cloud & APIs AWS (EC2, S3, EKS), REST, GraphQL Tools & Platforms Git, Salesforce, Microsoft Intune, Prometheus EDUCATION The University of Akron June 2018 B.S. in Computer Science