Beknur Bekkaliyev beknur.beka.Irk.kz@gmail.com Atyrau, Kazakhstan +7 (702) 500-30-10 Software Engineer at inDrive, Almaty, KZ Apr 2025- present - Developed and maintained microservices for the Driver-Fleet ecosystem. - Implemented integrations with Kafka, Mysql and gRPC services. - Participated in architecture discussions, design reviews and code reviews. - Configured CI/CD pipelines with GutHub Actions and deployed via DevPlatform. - Monitored and optimized system performance using Prometheus and Grafana, - Tech stack: Golang, Kafka, gRPC, MySQL, Kubernetes, Helm, GitHub Actions. Software Engineer at BTSDigital, Astana, KZ May 2024- Apr 2025 - Designed and implemented backend services for government digital platforms. - Developed REST/gRPC APIs and integrated external financial and authentication systems. - Enhanced observability with structured logging, tracing and metrics. - Tech stack: Golang, Docker, PostgreSQL, Kafka, Kubernetes Software Engineer at Mars Studio, Almaty, KZ Nov 2022- May 2024 - Tested the product to make sure it works properly and meets the customer's requirements. - Debugged applications to resolve logical and programming issues. - Automated, maintained and optimized systems and software infrastructure for clients. - Implemented two projects from scratch for Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan litro.kz & litro.uz - Analyzed the performance of the code and looked for ways to optimize. - Tech stack: Golang, MySQL, Git, Docker Software Engineer at ItechArt Group, Almaty, KZ Dec 2021 - Nov 2022 - Tested and corrected problems with code and implementation to improve usability and better servecustomers. - Debugged applications to resolve logical and programming issues. - Troubleshooting software changes before and after release to correct problems and enhanceperformance. - Automated, maintained and optimized systems and software infrastructure for clients. - Tech stack: Golang, PostgreSQL, Git, Docker, Kubernetes, Linux Software Engineer at Halyk Bank, Almaty, KZ Jan 2021 - Dec 2021 - Online integration of new suppliers with homebank - Work in the Payment Gateway. Backend - Tested server loads to determine whether the system infrastructure could handle expected userdemands. - Tech stack: Golang, MongoDB, Git Software Engineer at AutoData Jun 2020 - Aug 2020 - Worked on an internal university calendar website (NodeJS, MySQL, Angular). - Designed a database replication scheme that allowed 3x application speed increase. Education Kazakh British Technical University 2018 - 2021 B.S. in Computer Science Skills Programming Languages: Golang, MongoDB, Kubernetes,MySQL, Git, Docker, Helm, Minikube, Postgresql Awards First winner in Kazakhstan in robotics 2018 Degree holder at a scientific conference 2019 First place in the Olympiad in mathematics 2019 One of the best student in Kazakhstan Interviewed for the news Links GitHub: https://github.com/Beknur1003 Linkedln: https://www.linkedin.com/in/beknur-bekkaliev-37a771112/