THE TRAN 940-337-3286 tran82h@gmail.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/the-h-trar github.com/tran82h Dallas, TX SUMMARY Dynamic software engineer with 10 years of experience in full-stack development and microservices architecture, expert in C# and Go. My key achievements include developing applications for over 400K daily active users and increasing system resilience by 30% through event-driven architectures. Seeking a Backend Engineer position at Convox, where I bring my infrastructure automation and cloud integration skills to support your mission of redefining how teams deploy, scale, and manage applications in the cloud. Technical Skills Programming Languages: Go, C#, JavaScript, TypeScript, GraphQL, SQL, Python, HTML, CSS, Bash, JSON Libraries & Framework: React, Vue.js, Redux, ASP.NET, Flask, Gin, .NET Core, Next.js, Node JS Databases: MySQL, PostgreSQL, Elasticsearch, Redis, Microsoft SQL Server, Prometheus Cloud & DevOps: Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, AWS, GCP, Octopus Deploy, GitHub Action, Linux Tools: Kafka, Grafana, Jira Experience Match Group Dallas, TX Senior Software Engineer 2021 2025 Developed responsive React applications with reusable component libraries, integrating with backend microservices via REST and GraphQL endpoints to serve 400K+ daily active users. Designed and implemented a Kafka-based campaign platform that replaced a legacy monolithic system serving 45 million users across Match Group's relationship brands utilizing Go. Architected and deployed microservices-based applications using C#/.NET Core, Next.js and Docker, leveraging core AWS technologies to enhance platform capabilities. Increased system resilience by 30% through event-driven microservices architecture utilizing Kafka for async communication. Boosted team performance by mentoring 3 engineers on microservices, React best practices, and cloud-native development with code reviews. Implemented CI/CD pipelines using Docker containerization, Jenkins, Octopus Deploy and GitHub Action, automating build, test, and deployment processes across development, testing, staging, and production environments. StackPath Dallas, TX Software Engineer 2020 2021 Designed and developed internal platform services using Go, supporting 30+ microservices and serving 10K+ requests per second across customer portal, API, and internal command systems. Implemented a gRPC communication layer with protocol buffers, reducing inter-service latency by 35% across StackPath's platform services. Utilized Go, gRPC, Docker, and Kubernetes to build scalable platform services while producing over 15 detailed run books and documentation. Operated and debugged Linux-based production systems, performing root cause analysis, system tuning, and implementing performance optimizations. Led technical discussions on API design patterns, service architecture, and best practices, ensuring consistency and quality across platform services. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to gather requirements and architect end-to-end solutions for complex platform challenges, from initial design through production deployment. Experience One Technologies Dallas, TX Software Engineer 2017 2020 Contributed to a team of cross-functional engineers responsible for architecting & building a Machine Learning Platform with a microservices architecture using AWS, Go, Python, Node, Dockers & Kubernetes. Developed, designed and implemented the new API services as part of an integration to retrieve data from a new vendor's API using Net Core, Docker & Kubernetes. Delivered scalable cloud solutions by designing, developing, and deploying services on AWS Cloud platform. Architected and developed single-page applications (SPAs) using React and Vue.js, delivering seamless user experiences with client-side routing and state management for 50K+ monthly active users. Freeman Company Dallas, TX Software Developer 2016 - 2017 Utilized C# ASP.NET MVC, web APIs, web pages, Razor, Bootstrap, Entity Framework, Java, jQuery, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, SQL, AngularJS, and Knockout.js to build and maintain an in-house and custom client presentation management application for expositions and events. Supported build and deployment, using MSBuild and Visual Studio Team Services for automated builds and tests, Octopus Deploy for automated deployments, and Git for source control and code reviews. Developed and assisted with the redesign of test-driven development (TDD) tests by making use of dependency injection and integration tests. Education University of Texas at Dallas Bachelor of Science, Management Information System Certifications AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner - Amazon Web Services (AWS) - Issued Jun 2020, Expires Jun 2023 AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate - Amazon Web Services (AWS) - Issued Jun 2020, Expires Jun 2023 AWS Certified Developer - Associate - Amazon Web Services (AWS) - Issued Jun 2020, Expires Jun 2023 HashiCorp Certified: Terraform Associate - HashiCorp - Issued May 2021, Expires May 2023