Dary Ardiansyah Haryono Bekasi, Indonesia Phone/Whatsapp: +62813-5732-9796 Email: dary.ardhar@gmail.com Github: daryarha EXPERIENCES Software Engineer Feb 2024 - Oct 2025 Bytedance Jakarta, Indonesia Migrated Tokopedia Fulfillment Service from Tokopedia's architecture to Bytedance's infrastructure, reducing operational cost by 67%. Developed and maintained Delivery microservices in Golang with alerting and monitoring, adhering to clean architecture principles and ensure that any issue known immediately ensuring 99.9% service uptime. Collaborated within team and cross-functional team to design architecture changes, conduct code reviews and deliver new features. Software Engineer Apr 2022 - Feb 2024 Tokopedia Jakarta, Indonesia Designed and Implemented the RESTFUL APIs and RPCs, enabling high-throughput, low latency for e- commerce fulfillment operations. Built event-driven and scheduled system to handle asynchronous workflows supporting thousands of orders daily. Developed and maintained Fulfillment microservices in Golang with alerting and monitoring, adhering to clean architecture principles and ensure that any issue known immediately ensuring 99.9% service uptime. Documented APIs, system designs and technical plans in Confluence. Handled weekly on-call rotation resolving production issues and ensuring fulfilment service reliability with SLA > 99%. Software Engineer Apr 2021 - Apr 2022 Konvergen AI Jakarta, Indonesia (Remote) Built an OCR-based data extraction system for a major bank with AI Engineer, automating key field recognition from financial documents with 95% accuracy, reducing manual processing time by 70%. Led secure on-premise deployment that met strict compliance requirements, enabling adoption in production. Software Engineer Jun 2019 - Aug 2020 Freelance Malang, Indonesia (Remote) Designed and developed full-stack web applications with responsive interfaces for clients across industries. Created optimized relational database schemas. ORGANIZATIONS Head of Public, Information and Technology May 2018 - Sep 2018 Faculty Orientation Committee Led development of the orientation website. Coordinated with various divisions for real-time updates. Staff of Knowledge Implementation Aug 2017 - May 2018 Student Executive Board Faculty of Computer Science Designed and developed internal systems for student activities and event management. Engineered lost and found application. SKILLS Core: Go, gRPC, PostgreSQL, MySQL, NSQ, Kafka, Redis, GCP, Event-Driven Systems, Clean Architecture Additional: Python, Typescript, C#, Flask, MongoDB, RabbitMQ, RocketMQ, Laravel, CodeIgniter EDUCATION Bachelor of Computer Science, University of Brawijaya 2016 2020 GPA: 3.8 / 4.0 Thesis: Fake Review Classification using MDLText with Feature Selection IG and SMOTE