Shubh Ketan Agarwal BACKEND ENGINEER 0+917310818220 ska1296@gmail.com ska1296 ska1296 Summary As a backend engineer, I have built out six engineering systems and five products from scratch, taken them from idea to production within 20-30 days with a team of two to three engineers at a Y Combinator backed startup across fintech, web3, data engineering and AI/MLOps. I founded Blursday (backed by Accelerating Asia) and as a founder I built 5 different products, 3 of which focused on solving problems in the branding space, and 2 were focused on solving storage and payment delays for freelancers and agencies. Experience SuperMoney SDE 3 JAVA, MYSQL, FLOWABLE, GCP, PUB/SUB Feb. 2025 Improved error handling across lender integrations prevented user lockouts and enabled retry with alternate lenders. Designed and shipped a distributed fault-tolerance system (Hystrix-style) to automatically reroute traffic away from failing integrations Implemented redesigned user journey 7% more users successfully completed loan applications. Provided engineering oversight on system design and architecture decisions since joining. Reviewed critical code paths, preventing multiple production issues and improving overall code quality across the team. Mentoring 7 engineers to improve code standards, design thinking, and delivery pace. Blursday Founder (CTO) ENGINEERING, PRODUCT AND SALES Jun. 2024 Feb. 2025 Raised $125k funding, and got Accelerating Asia's backing. Blursday was focused on building an AI brand consultant: a tool where you could build your brand book, assisted by an AI and then enforce the brand guidelines consistently on all creatives for marketing, i.e. social media posts, ads, etc. I learnt about the branding domain to build a product, acquiring customers, and I single handedly built all the engineering for the longest time. Walfin Tech Pvt Ltd (YC 21) Rendernet Engineering lead Go, PYTHON, STABLE DIFFUSION, SQL, GPUs, COMFYUI, A1111, FORGE, Fooocus, AWS, SQS Jan 2021 Jun 2024 As a founding (and senior) engineer, I contributed to product features and translated feature requests into technical implementations on a regular basis. I built the first core generation and credit management system. I went on to improve the image generation engine to increase it's success rate from 70% to 99.7%, and reduced the image sizes by 23%. I built the generation queues in Go, a producer-consumer model which was heavily asynchronous to get the maximum outputs from our GPUs. At peak traffic, all GPUs operated at 100% compute consumption continuously to get the most out of each GPU. I single-handedly managed a 150 GPU infrastructure, with 43 GPUs on premise, and remaining on the cloud and on top of the day to day responsibilities. We had 100% visibility into what was going on in each GPU. I built out the pipelines (in Go) to deploy code and models on 150 machines, and deployments happen on a weekly basis. I managed our AWS infrastructure to host the backend VMs, postgres DB, load balancer and SQS. I familiarised myself with Stable Diffusion, and different implementations (Foocus, Forge, Automatic1111 and ComfyUI) and open source libraries that could help us deliver new and improved features faster. I lead a self driven team of 5 backend engineers and 3 frontend engineers to release major features on a weekly basis. Walfin Tech Pvt Ltd (YC 21) I RoverX Backend engineer ETHEREUM, ERC-721, DBT, PYTHON, POSTGRESQL, BIG QUERY, Go, RUST, GCP, SQLITE Jan 2021 Jun 2024 I wrote a feature to track realtime floor prices of roughly 2 lakh NFT collections and trigger alerts when they hit a value specified by the user. I optimised the feature that let users calculate their NFT portfolio and cut down the query time from over 20 seconds to 300ms. I wrote the first ETL pipelines to ingest Ethereum data from Big query into our Cloud SQL using Python. This gave us a kickstart and helped us get 2TB data into our system within a few hours. I wrote the ETL pipelines to ingest Ethereum data into our Cloud SQL using Python and DBT. The pipeline ingested data from ethereum at 10 second intervals. I performed end to end design on data schema at every ETL stage. I worked actively to formalise those pipelines and bring in orchestration tools. I taught myself solidity and ERC standards. - deployed NFT contracts to NFT gate the application. I studied various implementation of ERC-4337 and built out our backend for enabling transactions as per account abstraction in Rust. SHUBH KETAN AGARWAL RÉSUMÉ 1 Walfin Tech Pvt Ltd (YC 21) I Defy Backend engineer JAVA, TERRAFORM, GCP, REDIS, POSTGRESQL Jan 2021 Jun 2024 Designed a new server application from scratch. Built libraries to easily integrate exchanges - Vauld, Bitbns and payment partners. Drove end-to-end integration with multiple exchanges and payment partners. Built a socket server to stream live prices to the clients and notify the client about several events. Setup the infrastructure on GCP using terraform to host the newly built services. Walfin Tech Pvt Ltd (YC 21) I Walrus Backend engineer JAVA, POSTGRESQL, NODEJS, GCP Jan 2021 Jun 2024 Developed web services in JAVA using the Dropwizard framework and used JOOQ for backend integration. I built one of our first reward mechanisms: Dracons. It involved collecting cards at every payment made via Walrus card or UPI and exchanging them for cash once the set was complete. Migrated the entire legacy payments system from NodeJS to Java. Extended the new system by integrating it with M2P and Zeta for payments. Actively designed several APIs and schema changes to support new features and to improve the existing ones. Improved the P99 latency of multiple APIs by one second. TECHNIA Application developer JAVA, ORACLE August 2018 January 2021 Worked actively with the data migration team to move data from SQL to enovia's Oracle database, applying the concepts of Extract, Transform, Load (ETL). Designed a new Data Migration Tool and exposed it as a service using Java technologies and designed a new web interface to interact with this service The new tool gave us a 7x time improvement in data extraction and reduced the load by an average of 10 hrs Reduced overall load time by an average of 10 hrs Implemented load balancer to be able to use multiple application servers and switch between those servers for optimal performance Education GLA University Mathura, UP B. TECH IN COMPUTER SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING May 2018 Hartman College Bareilly, UP INDIAN SCHOOL CERTIFICATE May 2014 Hartman College Bareilly, UP INDIAN CERTIFICATE OF SECONDARY EXAMINATION May 2012 Skills Java Dropwizard Stable Diffusion JavaScript SQL Solidity Python Go DBT NodeJS GCP AWS Sales SHUBH KETAN AGARWAL RÉSUMÉ 2