Aidan Canavan (360) 878-1011 I aidan.canavan3@gmail.com I linkedin.com/in/aidan-canavan/ I github.com/canavan-a EXPERIENCE GAR Associates, Software Developer I Clifton Park, NY (September 2024 - Current) - Migrated legacy systems to Kubernetes, enabling zero-downtime deployments that exceeded strict downtime requirements for the client. - Built an offline local cache/sync layer for an existing network-first web app using Service Workers to ensure full functionality without internet access. UUP (United University Professions), Golang Developer I Latham, NY I (Nov 2023 - September 2024) - Led end-to-end development of UUP's first digital platform using Golang, from initial concept to production, addressing key member service needs. - Complied strictly with the organization's HIPAA requirements, ensuring all regulatory measures were checked throughout the project. GAR Associates, Software Developer I Clifton Park, NY I (May 2022 - Nov 2023) - Developed suite of products and internal tools, boosting operational efficiency and doubling capacity for mass assessment projects. - Improved backend runtime performance and lowered memory usage, directly boosting overall app performance and user experience. PROJECTS BroomLedger.com: Created PoW blockchain in pure go with 0 external dependencies outside of the go standard library. This blockchain features asic and gpu mining resistance. - Created a network protocol built on top of TCP for peer-node communication, this enables block and transaction transmission across the network. - Implemented concurrent storage solution so nodes can store and retrieve ledger and block history data on demand. - Created protocol to restrict network hashrate and successfully target a specific block time. Built upon this was a pool proof system which enables trustless and trusted mining pools. - Ported libraries to wasm which reduced code duplication in web scenarios. This was useful when developing the browser wallet. Aidan.House: Self-hosted a multi-node Kubernetes cluster for a home automation system, focusing on efficient close to real-time video analysis. Aidan.House: Self-hosted a multi-node Kubernetes cluster for a home automation system, focusing on efficient close to real-time video analysis. - Built a media streaming engine using WebRTC to mitigate 1.5 second delay in RTSP implementation; - Integrated MobileNet for real-time object detection and built an ESP32-based motor system for automated camera panning. - Extended the system with ESP32-based modules for hydrometer monitoring and thermostat control, enhancing home automation capabilities. Prop Nexus (GAR Associates): A mobile-first web application, replacing an expensive and hardware-dependent legacy system, streamlining field appraisal collection for New York State municipalities. - Built a concurrent data staging solution using Cloudflare Tunnels, enabling secure, scalable bi-directional data transfer between customer legacy databases and the cloud. - Developed offline capabilities for a PWA, using IndexedDB, Dexie.js, and Service Workers for efficient data caching and seamless online/offline state management. Power Appeal (GAR Associates): A large-scale appeal system for hundreds of thousands of property owners across New York State, and expanded for deployment in the Parish of New Orleans, within a small team of three. - Engineered a modular, reusable codebase, enabling rapid expansion of the Power Appeal system for the City of New Orleans, despite a different data model. - Set up monitoring and alerting with Grafana and Prometheus, proactively identifying and resolving issues to ensure system stability and performance. - Led the development of Power Appeal, architecting and deploying core services with Kubernetes for a scalable, maintainable production environment. SKILLS AND TECHNOLOGY - Languages: Golang, Python, TypeScript, Java, C++, - Machine Learning: Google Coral, OpenCV, C# scikit-learn, TensorFlow - Infrastructure: Kubernetes, Docker, Github Actions, - Mobile: PWA, Service Workers, Dexie, React Native AWS, Azure, GCP - Client/UI: React, Redux, Tailwind, Vite - Databases: PostgreSQL, Redis, MySQL - GIS: PostGIS, Leaflet, OpenLayers, QGIS EDUCATION BS Computer Science, Siena College, Loudonville, NY, May 2021 - Collaborated in a small team led by a mentor and professor on a large-scale data mining project during summer research. - Designed and deployed a full-stack internal tool for college staff, addressing specific operational needs by leveraging database architecture, back-end development, and web server expertise, utilizing AWS services. Advanced Certificate in Data and Analytics, Siena College, Loudonville, NY, May 2022 - Leveraged machine learning and predictive analytics to convert raw data into actionable insights, enabling strategic business improvements.