453 calle Saavedra Yann Huissoud Santa Cruz de la Sierra Bolivia (591) 710-68885 Full-stack developer with over 10 years in Golang, Java and Kotlin, specializing in B2B apps, aiqency@gmail.com storage platforms, and cloud automation. EXPERIENCE Details Software Engineer from Croit GmbH, Remote - Developer France, based in Bolivia, MAY 2020 PRESENT with over 10 years of Lead Backend Developer and Architect for an Intel-supported compute and storage experience in fullstack platform running on Linux, in Go, automating PXE booting, node configurations, development (backend, job scheduling, data migration, and recovery (Go, PSQL, Hashicorp, ClickHouse). frontend, and mobile) and Implemented a Nomad-based service to manage KVM/QEMU VMs for executing data storage solutions, compute tasks and wrote a Nomad plugin allowing administrators to access a shell known for self-direction on any VM within the cluster. and collaboration. Developed a CLI to automate GRUB configuration for booting Linux-based images from local disks. Links Led testing with Go TestContainers, simulating cluster environments, node failures, network configurations, and data migration consistency. Github Swissbytes, Santa Cruz - Fullstack Dev & Project Manager Linkedin JUNE 2014 MAY 2020 Started with Java EE, working on both front-end and back-end for B2B business Stackoverflow applications, and later transitioned to fully managing Android app development. Skills Recognized for being self-sufficient, effectively communicating with customers, troubleshooting, and providing efficient solutions. Go Identified inefficiencies in our deployment process and proposed an automation solution using Terraform, Ansible, and Packer, which was adopted to streamline Java/Kotlin the workflow from development to customer deployment. Collaborated closely with the company's leadership to develop and iterate a custom Angular 5+ application for managing the buying, melting, reselling, and export of gold from Bolivia to international markets. Spring Boot EDUCATION Postgres BCIT, Vancouver Part-Time (Java Advanced Development) 2013 Testcontainers PROJECTS Git SPDK & XiRAID Storage Project Working fullstack on a side project utilizing SPDK and Xinnor (XiRaid) technologies to Linux optimize storage performance, set up logical volumes/RAID, implement NVMe-over-Fabrics (NVMe-OF), and enhance deployment processes on enterprise-grade servers.