ALLEN LUCE https://www.linkedin.com/in/allenluce https://github.com/allenluce allen@convox.con.com +1 206 432 4340 Profile Seasoned software engineer and team lead with over two decades of experience designing and delivering high-impact software. Proven track record of creating fault-tolerant, high-throughput distributed systems, leading cross-functional teams and mentoring engineers. Skilled at building cloud-native services on AWS, GCP, and Azure using Kubernetes, Docker and Terraform and delivering solutions in the fields of real-time advertising, multimedia and cryptocurrency/blockchain. Passionate about doing the right thing for the end user while keeping the next engineer to deal with my code happy. Core Competencies Distributed Systems & Microservices: Architected and implemented scalable services with Go, Node.js and Python. Designed event-driven and REST APIs with service orchestration and workflow management. High-Throughput & Fault Tolerance: Built systems handling thousands of requests per second for real-time bidding and ad-serving platforms. Used patterns as appropriate (such as for caching, sharding, and circuit-breaking) to ensure reliability and low latency. Cloud & DevOps: Extensive experience with AWS (EC2, S3, DynamoDB, Lambda, Step Functions), Docker, Kubernetes and Terraform. Automated deployments and infrastructure with CI/CD pipelines. Data & Storage: Proficient with relational and NoSQL databases (PostgreSQL, DynamoDB, Redis). Designed efficient data models and persistence strategies for metadata and analytics Programming Languages: Go, JavaScript/TypeScript, Python, Kotlin, C/C++, etc. I regularly pick up new languages and do SO quickly. Leadership & Collaboration: Led distributed teams across the U.S., UK and China. Mentored engineers and drove adoption of best practices. Considerable experience collaborating with and coordinating product, infrastructure and client teams. Open Source Projects These are full software packages that I developed initially and continue to be the majority contributor to. Some were created on the job while others were purely personal. mmap-object: Cross-process shared memory objects for Node.js (written in C++).. FakeTickers: Controlled system ticker objects for Go. AutoKey: Go implementation of the AutoKey cipher. Logcap: Logrus entry capturing and comparison tool. Spellaphone: Optimized word finder for telephone numbers. AutoVivify: Dynamic nested object creation for Node.js (written in C++). Professional Experience Feb 2024 Jun 2025 Consulting Member of Technical Staff Oracle Corporation, Seattle, WA Designed a system for managing migrations from existing Cerner Patient Portals to the new Kubernetes-based platform. Onboarded key beta customers to Oracle Federal regions. Assisted and mentored other software engineers. Dec 2021 - Feb 2024 Principal Software Engineer Permission.io, La Jolla, CA Led the technical direction and quality methodologies for software engineering. Designed an incentivized advertising system and oversaw implementation. Deployed smart contracts on Polygon and private Ethereum networks. Mentored software engineering teams both in-person and remotely. Aug 2018 - Dec 2021 Staff Software Engineer Promethean Limited, Seattle, WA Designed software architecture for multiple teams. Modified Android OS source code for large-format touch panels. Developed Android Document Provider interfaces and system-level daemons. Collaborated with and mentored development teams in the UK and China. Jan 2015 - Aug 2018 Senior Software Engineer/Team Lead RhythmOne, Bellevue, WA Led a distributed team in developing an OpenRTB-based real-time bidder and DSP. Managed workflow, releases, and team visibility to management. Published Golang development utilities and created a Node.js shared-memory module. Mar 2013 Dec 2015 Senior Developer/Team Lead Tune, Inc., Seattle, WA Maintained and enhanced legacy PHP code base for advertising measurement SDK. Developed new applications in Python and Node.js. Managed a small team, overseeing workflow, releases, and team development. Feb 2012 Mar 2013 Software Developer Substantial, Inc., Seattle, WA Developed gesture recognition and distributed touch event systems for multi-panel touchscreens. Analyzed hardware performance and led architecture changes. Ported iOS games to Android and resolved app-side GLSL bugs. Developed features for production websites in Ruby and Python. Feb 2010 Feb 2012 Software Engineer (Cryptography) IBM Research, Yorktown Heights, NY Designed encryption benchmark for huge integer processor arrays. Wrote task scheduler on Blue Gene/C (Cyclops64) supercomputer. Feb 2008 Feb 2010 Software Developer II Isilon Systems, Seattle, WA 1 Led dev team (of two) for OneFS rolling upgrade project from scratch, delivering on time and on scope. Handled on-call escalations of issues across the operating system. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Mathematics, Carnegie Mellon University. 2 Buzzword roll-call Languages: Golang, Javascript, Python, Kotlin, C, C++, PHP, Assembly, R, Julia, Lisp, Shell, Prolog, TypeScript Databases: PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQLite, MongoDB, Redis, MariaDB, Elasticsearch, Oracle, DynamoDB, Snowflake, Solr Cloud Platforms: OCI, Kubernetes, AWS, Azure, GCP, Cloudflare, Heroku, VMWare, Akamai, OpenShift, IBM Cloud Web Frameworks: Node.js, React, JQuery, Express, WordPress, Flask, Django, Other Tools: Docker, npm, Pip, Homebrew, Yarn, Webpack, Make, Gradle, CMake, GNU GCC, Terraform, Ansible, Composer, LLVM, Asynchronous Tools: Jira, Confluence, Markdown, Github, Wikis, Doxygen, Redmine Synchronous Tools: Microsoft Teams, Slack, Zoom, Discord, Google Meet, Telegram, Skype, Signal, Google Chat, Matrix, IRC Operating Systems: Linux/Ubuntu, Android, MacOS, ChromeOS, Cygwin, BSD/FreeBSD, AIX, Solaris Other: TCP/IP, Socket Programming, BGP, OpenRTB, VAST, strace, dtrace, tcpdump, WireShark 3