Leandro Javier Poroli +54 9 351 6 379938 in /in/leoporoli github.com/leoporoli leandroporoli@gmail.com Córdoba, Argentina I'm a Software Engineer with over 20 years of experience in software development, specializing in backend systems. I've worked at both large, high-traffic companies like Mercado Libre and fast-moving, agile startups like Kurtosis. I'm passionate about system and software architecture and committed to writing clean, maintainable code that adheres to best practices and quality standards. Experience Technical skills 2025 (January) - 2025 (October) Design and architecture of scalable and resilient systems Sr. Backend Software Engineer Backend development using ASTROBEE languages such as Go, Java, Python, I was part of the engineering team at the startup Astrobee, Typescript, PHP and Gleam where we designed and implemented the application's Integration and development of architecture. The system includes two AI agents: one that RESTful APIs, gRPC, WebSocket and generates ontologies or semantic models from multiple MCP servers data sources, and another that enables users to query data Design and implementation of in natural language, which is then translated into SQL microservices across different dialects. The architecture also Advanced use of relational databases incorporates a WebSocket server, an MCP server and a (PostgreSQL, MySQL) and NoSQL REST API server. databases (DynamoDB, Redis) Experience in high-traffic, high- The tech stack includes Node.js on the backend, with availability environments Next.js and Express powering the servers, and Vercel's AI CI/CD with tools like GitHub Actions SDK used for the agents. On the frontend, the system and CircleCI primarily uses React with Next.js. Containers and orchestration: Docker and Kubernetes Cloud computing: AWS 2021 2025 Observability: logging, metrics, and Sr. Backend Software Engineer tracing with Prometheus, Grafana, KURTOSIS Datadog, Kibana, and Loki During this time, I was also part of the engineering team at Automated testing: unit, integration, the startup Kurtosis (which later pivoted and rebranded as and performance tests Astrobee). Together, we built an open-source tool-also Application security (OAuth0, called Kurtosis-used by the Ethereum Foundation for authentication, authorization, etc.) testing distributed networks. Code management and review (code reviews, pair programming) Leandro Javier Poroli in +54 9 351 6 379938 /in/leoporoli github.com/leoporoli leandroporoli@gmail.com Kurtosis is a Go-based application that abstracts Docker and Kubernetes to facilitate the creation of distributed Soft skills applications for a variety of use cases. We also Effective communication with developed a CLI tool in Go, along with three SDKs-in technical and non-technical teams Go, TypeScript/JavaScript, and Rust-to interact with Problem-solving focused the platform. Ability to adapt to dynamic and changing environments 2019 2021 Collaborative work in multidisciplinary Sr. Backend Software Engineer and distributed teams MERCADO LIBRE Mindset of continuous improvement I worked on the Moderations team, designing and and lifelong learning maintaining the microservices architecture for the Time management and task moderation system. Most of the APIs were prioritization developed in Go, while others were built in Java Proactivity and autonomy in project using the Spark framework and Grails. execution I was responsible for modeling and maintaining both relational and non-relational databases, and developed services for event-driven communication Education (topics and consumers), as well as REST services for resource locking, document search, object storage, 2001 - 2005 Multimedia design. auditing, configuration, caching, and sequence IES Siglo21, Córdoba, Argentina generation. 1995 - 1999 Secondary Education completed at Ing. C.A. Cassaffousth 2018 - 2019 Sr. Backend Software Engineer I.P.E.M. № 247 with a specialization OVERACTIVE in Electricity and Electronics, Projects I worked on: Córdoba, Argentina. Curantis - I contributed to the development and maintenance of microservices within Curantis's SaaS platform. These microservices were built using Spring Boot, Maven, and Hibernate. Leandro Javier Poroli in +54 9 351 6 379938 /in/leoporoli github.com/leoporoli leandroporoli@gmail.com 2015 2019 Languages Sr. Fullstack Software Engineer DARWOFT Advanced English (Level 4 at the Projects I worked on: School of Languages Extension, VML/Bridgestone Development of Adobe AEM components and services using Java and Angular, and University of Córdoba, Argentina) creation of the commercial websites for Bridgestone Spanish native language. and Firestone in Latin America. VML/Bridgestone Developed a REST API using the Java Spring framework for an online tire sales project. References Cancer Support Community Built a REST API with Spring Boot 2, OAuth2, and RabbitMQ. Galen Marchetti CEO Astrobee y ex Club Enko (similar to Groupon) Created a REST API CEO de Kurtosis using Laravel. Implemented SSO with OAuth2 for a client in Spain Franco Seia Software Development and developed a PHP SDK to interact with the OAuth Manager en Mercado Libre server's API. Waldemar Krumrick Darwoft Startups EasyQasa and Pyus Developed applications Cofounder and Solutions Architect using the PHP Symfony framework. Tasks included SMS delivery, stored procedures, payment gateway integration (Moip), automated bank transfers with Moip, Jasper Reports, APIs integrations (Google Maps, MailChimp, Moip, Zenvia), and functional testing. 2014 2015 Web designer & software engineer FREELANCE During this period, I worked as a freelance web developer. Among other projects, I contributed to the development of Enforcer, an internal management system for UV South Sourcing, built with PHP using the CakePHP framework. I also developed an online catalog application for Cedicor, where I implemented data import from their internal management The development included a shopping cart system for corporate clients, file encryption, and a REST API to enable data exchange with a custom Windows- based application.