DEREK SMART Atlanta, GA | https://github.com/mcred 404.421.2016 derek@grindaga.com Software engineering leader with 15+ years of experience designing and implementing scalable distributed software solutions. Led development from concept to deployment while working cross functionally and driving initiatives to improve technical excellence. Expertise in modern programming languages including Go, Java, and Typescript, with many years of hands-on experience with AWS, Database development, and CI/CD pipeline optimization. EXPERIENCE SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER Liquibase, Inc. Austin, TX - Remote AUGUST 2020 - AUGUST 2025 Developed Al-powered automation solutions using various LLMs in AWS Bedrock, creating intelligent agents to automatically parse complex error logs and provide suggested remediation steps, reducing manual steps and improving mean time to recovery. Contributed to and maintained many open-source projects as a part of the Liquibase and partner eco-system. This included Liquibase itself, developer focused tools, and extensions such as LaunchDarkly, HashiCorp Vault, and AWS Secrets Manager. Architected and built Liquibase.io, a cloud-native SaaS platform using TypeScript/NestJS APIs and React frontend, serving mid- market customers through scalable AWS infrastructure (ECS, Lambda, RDS Aurora). Applied SOLID principles and service architecture patterns for a multi-service architecture handling large-scale data migrations and processing workflows. Created on-demand and self-service development and testing environments as a part of CI/CD pipelines to enable provisioning and teardown of isolated cloud environments for each pull request using Terraform and AWS. This led to overall improved developer experience and reduced mean time to release. Developed automation and workflows using GitHub Actions to reduce automated testing time from 50 minutes down to 3 minutes per pull request, and increased production deployment frequency from monthly to weekly. Led technical decisions as a founding engineer, growing the team from I to 8 members while establishing CI/CD pipelines with test automation. Built comprehensive RESTful APIs with OpenAPI standard and integrated multiple AWS services including PostgreSQL, Redis, DynamoDB, and OpenSearch following AWS best practices. In the Office of the CTO, developed R&D prototypes using Go, including the Liquibase Package Manager now shipped in new product versions. Implemented infrastructure-as-code with Terraform, managed Git workflows, and mentored junior developers on scalable system design and performance optimization. Published Liquibase Spinnaker on Kubernetes plugin. SENIOR STAFF ENGINEER IN THE OFFICE OF THE cTo Delphix Corp I Alpharetta, GA - Hybrid Remote MARCH 2018 - JULY 2020 Led R&D development of cloud-native CI/CD demonstrations for complex data workflows, creating prototypes that showcased modern DevOps integration with data management systems. Established technical thought leadership through conference presentations and published articles on data-as-code methodologies, contributing insights to Computer Weekly and Medium on cloud-native data workflow automation. Developed and launched Titan (titan-data.io) with Go, an open-source data version control system providing Git-like workflows and command-line interface for database state management and reproducible data environments. OWNER Grindaga Technologies LLC I Atlanta, GA - Remote JULY 2017 - PRESENT Software Development Consultant helping businesses of all sizes improve their technologies one line of code at a time. Helping with anything from team training, SDLC workflow, to Web or Mobile App Development. Client focus varied from code hardening for security audits, leveling up team and workflows to increase code quality and speed to market, and systems integrations to augment or enhance core capabilities. DIRECTOR OF SOFTWARE ENGINEERING Payscape Atlanta, GA AUGUST 2015 - JULY 2017 Started as the company's first software developer. Interviewed and hired every other developer, including the CTO, to a department of 12 software developers and Q/A engineers. Introduced and trained the software development department on best practices, such as: Test Driven Development, Git, Git- Flow, Pull Requests, Code Reviews, Pair Programming, and Code Analysis. Successfully worked with stakeholders and Executives to design new features and respond to customer demand in an agile environment while ensuring that all technology coincided with the company sales roadmap. With the CEO/Owner, trained and transitioned the company to follow Agile processes using Scrum Methodology. LEAD SOFTWARE DEVELOPER Payscape Atlanta, GA MAY 2010 - AUGUST 2015 Developed new features, fixed bugs and managed the entire SDLC for 3 SaaS products: RegPointSolutions.com, BillingOrchard.com and Vendevor.com. Developed internal tools to calculate payroll, create advanced reporting, and help the Financial Department create statistical models, reducing the time to process monthly payroll from a full week down to a few hours. Integrated and designed multiple payment systems with a variety of payment gateways. WEBMASTER / DEVELOPER FREELANCE INTERACTIVE DESIGNER MD Publishing Atlanta, GA Atlanta, GA JUNE 2008 - MAY 2010 OCTOBER 2005 - JUNE 2010 Transitioned website from completely static into a dynamic data Designed several websites for clients across a broad spectrum driven site, saving time and allowing frequent updates. of needs. Developed custom websites for various clients meeting varying Programmed management systems for several clients allowing needs as searchable inventory or member directories. them to control updates. Enhanced end user experience by With a partner, developed a membership website for the integrating AJAX to minimize load times. Biomedical Industry where users have a listserv, vendor parts Integrated jQuery into sites to allow clients visual control over request system, user profiles and video webinars. their galleries. LEAD ARTIST / FREELANCE PRODUCER I LEAD ANIMATOR Playmotion! Alpharetta, GA C-Marc Digital Video Production Dallas, GA MAY 2006 - OCTOBER 2008 OCTOBER 2005 - JUNE 2010 EDUCATION CERTIFICATIONS BACHELOR OF FINE ARTS PROFESSIONAL SCRUM MASTER I Art Institute of Atlanta Scrum.org Bachelor of Fine Arts in Computer Animation. PROFESSIONAL SCRUM PRODUCT OWNER I Graduated with 3.5 GPA. Scrum.org SKILLS Programming Languages: Go, JavaScript, Java, TypeScript, PHP, C#, Python, Kotlin Cloud & Infrastructure: AWS, Docker, Terraform, Infrastructure-as-Code Microservices Architecture, GitHub Actions APIs & Integration: RESTful APIs, GraphQL, gRPC, Protobuf, OpenAPI, Elastic Search/OpenSearch Databases: PostgreSQL, Aurora Serverless, Redis, DynamoDB, NoSQL, Database Migration, Query Optimization DevOps & CI/CD: Git workflows, Automated Testing, Docker Containerization, Multi-environment Deployments Leadership & Process: Technical Mentorship, Agile/Scrum, SOLID Principles, 12 Factor App, System Architecture Design