MILAD SOLEYMANI Senior Software Engineer | GO,Python,ML +989195108706 @ soleymani.milad72@gmail.com linkedin.com/in/milad-soleymani-966109206 Tehran EXPERIENCE SUMMARY Senior Software Engineer I am an accomplished Software Engineer with extensive experience in Golang and NodeJS Snapp! development. I bring a strong track record of 09/2023 Present Tehran,IRAN delivering high- quality, scalable applications. My Refactored Snapp Club services, optimizing system efficiency, reducing passion for tackling complex challenges and response latency by 20%, and minimizing operational costs. designing high-load systems drives me to excel in Engineered user-centric features like Auto Renew and Reserve the ever-evolving landscape of software functionalities on SnappPro, driving a 15% increase in user engagement. engineering. With a commitment to continuous Consistently added value to the team by driving technical improvements, learning, I am eager to contribute my skills and mentoring peers, and fostering innovation through impactful expertise to innovative projects and a contributions. collaborative environment, making a lasting Managed and improved 10+ microservices architecture while ensuring impact on cutting-edge technologies and driving operational stability for over 1 million active users. the future of software development Led deployment strategies in multi-region cloud environments, enhancing disaster recovery protocols and boosting uptime.. Migrated legacy systems to microservices architecture, reducing LANGUAGES maintenance complexity and improving scalability. English Senior Software Engineer Proficient IPAAM Fintech Persian 2022 2023 Tehran,IRAN Native Spearheaded system redesign initiatives using Golang, adhering to clean architecture principles and best practices. Conducted a comprehensive rewrite of the existing codebase, ensuring SKILLS adherence to proper coding standards and best practices Enhanced system monitoring with advanced logging and tracing Clean Architecture Cloud Services capabilities, reducing debugging time by 30%. Built cloud-native environments leveraging Kubernetes and CI/CD pipelines, resulting in seamless deployments and reduced downtime backend-development LangChain Developed scalable solutions that reduced processing time by 25% and improved user experience for FinTech applications. DDD K8S Elk Golang Python Implemented cross-cutting concerns such as logging, clean architecture principles, and other best practices Javascript ML NodeJS NestJS Senior Golang Engineer Hafhashtad (*780#) Grpc Java Java Spring K8s 01/2022 01/2023 Tehran,IRAN Led cross-functional collaboration with various teams and stakeholders Kafka Microservices MongoDB to design and develop high-quality backend services and solutions for both tourism and fintech ventures MySQL Postgresql Python Served as a Developer and Team Lead in the backend team, driving innovation and efficiency in the tourism industry RabbitMQ Scrum NATS Implemented scalable solutions and performance optimizations, significantly enhancing the stability and responsiveness of the backend infrastructure Temporal Spring Boot Demonstrated proficiency in debugging software, effectively identifying root causes, and proposing comprehensive solutions to resolve complex Spring Data JPA Springboot software issues Enhanced application performance by 30% by redesigning microservice architecture and incorporating performance monitoring tools. System Monitoring TensorFelow Reduced bug incidence by 50% within six months by implementing robust testing www.enhancv.com Powered by Enhancy EXPERIENCE Software Engineer HaioCloud 01/2020 05/2022 Tehran,IRAN Spearheaded the design and development of multiple services, including the Vira Cloud System, CDN service, and Email service, demonstrating versatility and expertise in creating diverse and impactful solutions. Took a leadership role in architecting highly scalable and reliable cloud- based solutions, contributing significantly to the success of complex projects Improved application uptime by 25% Boosted user satisfaction score by 40% by refining the customer feedback loop and addressing critical pain points. Software Engineer Evolute 01/2017 - 01/2020 Lisbon,Remote Highlight your accomplishments, using numbers if possible. Led the design and development of a B2B system, ensuring it met the company's specific requirements Employed effective programming and architectural skills to design and implement scalable and efficient solutions Freelancer Software Engineer Self Employed 05/2012 05/2012 Location www.enhancv.com Powered by Enhancy