Fatih Emin Öge Software Developer fatiheminoge@gmail.com +905438159836 in linkedin.com/in/fatiheminoge Profile Senior Software Developer with experience delivering reliable, real-time systems in the financial sector. At Papara, contributed to platforms that power live stock data distribution and brokerage integrations, helping internal services stay up-to-date and responsive. Known for building scalable solutions, collaborating across teams, and ensuring business-critical systems run smoothly and efficiently. Professional Experience Papara 05/2024 - Present Istanbul Senior Software Developer Contributed to a system directly connected to Borsa Istanbul (BIST) via the TIP protocol, responsible for receiving real-time stock and trade data and relaying it to internal services over gRPC. These services published live prices, real-time order book data, state changes, historical data and made sure stock information is always up to date. Worked on a system that crawls notifications from the Public Disclosure Platform (KAP) and automates corporate actions such as rights issues, bonus shares, dividend payments, and stock splits. Worked on an event-driven brokerage integration system that connects with third-party providers to manage portfolios and related data. The system acts as a general-purpose layer for handling provider interactions, storing portfolio states, processing events such as trades or splits, and forwarding relevant updates to downstream applications. Laplace Analytics 04/2022 - 05/2024 I Istanbul Software Developer Developed several microservices for a platform that has 300,000 users Set up AWS and GCP deployment apps using Kubernetes and monitoring through Grafana and Prometheus Developed a search engine using Atlas search for our stock data, collections and users. Constructed a reverse proxy with a caching layer, resulting in a 300% decrease in latency for our financial services. Impending Bloom 12/2022 - Present I New York Software Developer Streamlined legacy JavaScript to slash latency by up to 50% on our front and back end Slashed GCP costs by 90% through meticulous optimization of resource utilization Engineered a revamped version of the backend application, boosting performance and accommodating new requirements this improved backend performance by about 3x Education Marmara University 09/2018 - 06/2022 I Istanbul/Turkey Computer Science And Engineering Skills Golang AWS GCP SQL NoSQL Kafka RabbitMQ Redis Docker Kubernetes Next.js Typescript