RICHARD HAVEN 831-325-9315 richardhaven@thistooshallpass.org Experience with legacy, greenfield, and production project development and maintenance Outstanding analysis, design, coding, and architecture skills - AI-assisted Mentor skills and experience, and welcomes learning and new ideas Creates, maintains, and reviews designs, code changes, user guides, internal documentation and wikis, white papers, and technical articles Dependable voice of reason amid euphoria or panic Permanently remote from southwest Washington. Working time zone is negotiable SKILLS Go, Python, Dart, Bash, Awk, C, Ruby HTTP, JSON, REST, GraphQL, XML, XPath Git, JIRA, Slack, Confluence & Wiki, GitHub Mentored developers. Acted as an ombudsman and advisor to address problems within and between teams and departments Agile, Scrum Master, and Kanban training and experience Product planning coordination, supporting and controlling offshore resources, coordinating in-shoring, testing, and parallel and simultaneous releases PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE FLYR Labs, San Francisco, CA May 2022 - December 2025 Staff Software Engineer Using Go, created two versions of a highly responsive API (25ms P90) serving commercial airlines' booking and ticketing systems (Offer and Order), caching and updating customer configuration information from Postgres, pricing data from other APIs, and pulling ML data from Redis per request. Also created the customer configuration management APIs which interact with Postgres, and the ETL that loads ML data from BigQuery to Redis. All monitored by extensive DataDog metrics and profile information, including multi-service transactions RICHARD HAVEN 831-325-9315 richardhaven@thistooshallpass.org Telesign, Marina Del Rey, CA February 2021 - February 2022 Senior Software Engineer Created a greenfield Python API hosted on AWS for the new generation of identity enhancement products. Focused on resilience, code maintainability, quality, and internal engineering growth and support Alto Pharmacy, San Francisco, CA June 2020 - October 2020 Senior Software Engineer Supply Chain team scaled operations and our staff, including interfacing with fulfillment hardware systems (e.g. Parata), internal documentation, development standards and protocols Virta Health, San Francisco, CA October 2019 - March 2020 Senior Software Engineer Infrastructure team migration from Ansible (AAWS) to Google Health API (e.g. FHIR), Big Query, and Cloud Storage. Actively communicating between engineering and product & design about products, applications, and user flows Initiated an internal Python Guild for general programming discussion Pinterest, San Francisco, CA September 2018 - October 2019 Senior Software Engineer Internal API platform team: supporting developer velocity by creating design, coding, and testing standards, tools, and examples. Improving infrastructure (e.g. Python 2 to 3) and planning technical paths for future API technologies (e.g. GraphQL) Grand Rounds, San Francisco, CA August 2017 - September 2018 Principal Software Engineer Mentored and represented developers with other departments. Enhanced the core API to offer a GraphQL interface. Preliminary investigation of FHIR format. Automated compliance tasks to allow continuous auditing (e.g. use SNS and lambdas to report database events) RICHARD HAVEN 831-325-9315 richardhaven@thistooshallpass.org Oath/AOL/Adap.tv, San Mateo, CA May 2013 - August 2017 Principal Software Engineer Maintained the C-based RPC-over-HTTP API framework accessing a MySQL database, and developed a REST API. Created macros and utilities to allow non-C programmers to safely write handlers in a C framework Mentored junior developers and provided technical representation to cross-departmental plans Acted as a mentor to several Scrum Masters as Agile entered our development process OTHER PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Authored version 1.0 of an XML standard for the Mortgage Bankers Association Designed and delivered a modular architecture for pluggable reports into a core presentation application (IoC), which continues as a common codebase and template for other systems Delphi development team (Borland); manufacturing scheduling and optimization (LANframe and Maxager); corporate relocation referral tracking ISV (ReferralPro); résumé parsing and tracking (Resumix); television inventory sales and reporting (WideOrbit); enhanced desktop application for collaboration (salesforce.com) EDUCATION BA, Business Administration, California State University, East Bay OTHER US Patent 9,038,074: System, method, and computer program product for controlling a process using a process map, 19 May 2015 US Patent 9,830,435: Systems and methods are provided for providing login as a service, 28 November 2017 http://www.linkedin.com/in/richardchaven/ http://github.com/richardhaven/ Personal blog: https://noclevercode.svbtle.com/ Self-taught Flutter & Dart