Vatsal Patel +91 82385 95922 | vatsalpatel.me@gmail.com linkedin/vatsalpatel-sde Work Experience Tutero Senior Software Engineer October 2025 - Present Directing infrastructure, DevOps, Kubernetes operations, and reliability engineering. Architecting CI/CD pipelines, observability, and multi-cluster stability across regions. Eliminated recurring Neo4j production failures, developing a self-healing 'watcher' to automate service recovery while working with enterprise support to eliminate the underlying root causes successfully. Drove platform-wide performance and scalability improvements, optimizing thumbnail creation, background workflows, and cross-service bottlenecks across tutoring and schools. Provide technical leadership through design reviews, mentoring new engineers, and guiding architectural decisions for backend and infrastructure systems. Software Engineer II October 2023 - October 2025 Contributing to ongoing migration of legacy codebase components to microservice architecture, transitioning from Firebase to SQL database to improve database schema, boost query performance, and reduce code complexity. Integrated the LGTM (Loki, Grafana, Tempo, Mimir) stack for comprehensive observability, integrating with all microservices for tracing, profiling, and log-based alerting, significantly enhancing system reliability, monitoring, and alerting capabilities. Led comprehensive stress testing and query profiling initiatives, pinpointing bottlenecks and swiftly addressing them through targeted code and query optimizations, improving performance by up to 90% Collaborated with the CTO to architect and build a private Flutter Pub repository from the ground up, streamlining secure internal package management and enabling automatic dependency bumping, reducing overhead. Capitsign Software Engineer July 2022 - October 2023 Led a team of 3 engineers building an automated trading system that detects profitable trading opportunities. Resolved a bottleneck that allowed reducing infrastructure costs by 90% and reducing latency by 33%. (Go, Kafka) Reduced latency by 30% in a real-time data streaming service by redesigning the market data service to process 1500+ market updates. (NodeJS, Kafka, TimescaleDB) Led the development of a real-time paper trading service, reducing the delay in order completion by 20% and improving the user experience significantly. (Go, Kafka, PostgreSQL) Mentored junior engineers, providing guidance and support that contributed to their skill development, increased team cohesion, and started initiatives for better code quality, error handling, testing, and logging practices. DispatchGrid Co-Founder May 2020 - March 2021 Started a B2B SaaS startup to create an industrial solver for the Vehicle Routing Problem to find optimal routes for a fleet of vehicles with varying capacities based on real-world map data for up to 250 delivery locations. (Python) Reduced the client's fuel and driver costs by 15% and saved 6+ hours per week of route designation work. Projects GoFusion - GitHub I Package Go An open-source Go library that provides many useful utility functions for common programming tasks. Securebits - GitHub Python, React A password manager that stores encrypted vaults on the cloud, using Django, Rest framework, and React. MapDB - GitHub Go A Redis protocol compatible light-weight, in-memory database written in Go. Achievements Google Kick Start 2022: Rank 360 (Round H), Rank 801 (Round G), Rank 1116 (Round F). [Certificate] LeetCode: Rated 2231 (Top 0.77%) with the Guardian badge, 1150+ problems solved. [Leetcode Profile] Education B.E. Computer Engineering, Gujarat Technological University I Cum. GPA: 9.45/10 June 2023 Skills Languages: Go, Typescript, Python, SQL Technologies: GraphQL, gRPC, Kubernetes, GCP, AWS, NATS, Apache Kafka, Serverless, Terraform Databases: PostgreSQL, CockroachDB, Neo4j, MongoDB, Redis, TimescaleDB