Max Yazhbin myazhbin@gmail.com U.S. Citizen WORK EXPERIENCE Max Yazhbin Technologies, LLC (Remote) Mar 2023 - Present Created a Golang indexer to replace part of Blockscout, from constantly being 1 year behind, fully indexing pulsechain/ethereum from block 0 in 12 days including all erc20/erc721 token transfers, logs, balances, blocks, transactions, withdrawals, etc in a ScyllaDB database. Avoided locks usually encountered in SQL db's. Keeps up with the tip of the chain and handles reorgs. Dockerized. Allowed querying with grpc server in front of scyllaDB with pagination. PacketFabric (Remote) Mar 2022 - March 2023 New Billing: Created next generation of billing using Google PubSub, BigQuery, Golang, Protobuf Old Billing: Found inconsistencies and resolved incorrect billing problems Daily Work: Resolved customer complaints including bug-fixes to code. Reviewed and had my code reviews by colleagues and superiors Retiurcer (Remote) Founder Apr 2018 - Mar 2022 Real-time job application and reputation platform to make the job hunt easier for candidates and founders Scrap 300k jobs with Puppeteer and Axios in Node.js and Scrapy in Python and dedupe with Redis Website in React and Mobile App in React Native Vevo I Senior Software Engineer I Content Services Jan 2017 - Apr 2018 Eliminate Algolia search costs with AWS Elasticsearch-based search homepage functionality 90% reduction in timeouts by implementing types/loaders in GraphQL server with Facebook Dataloader Elimination of a $10k/month .NET database leading development of shim service for artist and video metadata Test and refactor video transcoding integration and reporting services Code Reviewed team members and non-team member javascript code Product School I Instructor for "Coding for Product Managers" Oct 2018 - Jan 2019 Taught Students basic coding including recursion, memory model, basic data structures, functional programming, etc IAA (China)/SUNY New Paltz Assoc. Professor, BJ80 High School I Calculus Teacher Aug 2013 - Jul 2016 Implement automated grade notification system using Google Sheets and Google Scripts Inspire students to pursue STEM majors in university by teaching Calculus using Mathematica Improve student resumes', personal essays', and college applications' The Princeton Review I MCAT General Chemistry Instructor May 2011 - Aug 2013 EDUCATION Cornell University I BS Chemical Engineering, MEng Chemical Engineering 2006 2010 PUBLICATIONS "Evolutionary Dynamics of a System with Periodic Coefficients" by Richard H. Rand, Max Yazhbin, David G. Rand, Communications in Nonlinear Science and Numerical Simulations 16:3887-3895 (2011). TECHNICAL SKILLS Golang, Cassandra/Scylla, Node/JS, React/React Native/Expo, Redis, Webpack, SQL, AWS/Hetzner, Docker, Java, C, Mocha/Chai/Sinon/Supertest