Viacheslav Galashevich Golang middle developer Golang developer working on a large-scale monolithic system for internal users. I am responsible for developing and maintaining business- critical functionality, including reporting, inventory management, and updating exchange rates and pricing. Open to new technologies, projects, and teams. C ONTACT INFORMATION P ROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE +77752879034 GOLANG DEVELOPER | NKB GROUP - ПРОДАЖА и АРЕНДА СПЕЦТЕХНИКИ, ALMATY, KAZAKHSTAN galashevich68@gmail.com SEPTEMBER 2024 - PRESENT Nicosia, Nicosia, Cyprus Developed and maintained a large monolithic backend application written in Go. Implemented new features and enhanced existing modules in a production environment. E DUCATION Integrated the system with internal corporate services and external APIs, including government services. Designed and developed microservices to extend system functionality and Saint-Petersburg Polytechnic reduce load on the monolithic application. University Магистр компьютерных HayK,Computer Designed and implemented RESTful APIs for inter-service communication. Software Engineering Worked with PostgreSQL database: (September 2018-June 2021) designed database schemas; January undefined wrote complex SQL queries; optimized queries and resolved performance issues. Software Engineering Participated in code reviews, fixed bugs, and improved overall system stability. Saint-Petersburg Polytechnic Supported the production environment, investigated and resolved incidents. University, Saint-Petersburg Collaborated with cross-functional teams to integrate services and define API contracts. K EY SKILLS 1C DEVELOPER JUSAN BANK, ALMATY, KAZAKHSTAN SEPTEMBER 2023 - JULY 2024 Frontend REST Developed and maintained solutions based on the 1C platform. Golang Integrated 1C with Go-based microservices to ensure reliable data exchange PostgreSQL between systems. Designed and implemented APIs and data exchange mechanisms between 1C and backend services. ANGUAGES Worked with HTTP services, REST APIs, and JSON/XML data formats for system integration. Implemented business logic, data processing, and automation within the 1C English environment. Russian Ensured data consistency and reliability between 1C and external systems. Participated in debugging, troubleshooting, and resolving integration-related issues. Collaborated with backend developers and other teams to define integration requirements and contracts.