Customer Advocate - Product Owner - Solutions William Hutchinson Architect - Software Engineer - DBA PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Solution Architect - SIMPLER ALTERNATIVE, REMOTE 2020-Present Supporting business processes while analyzing systems to find ways to support modern architectures, security, process visibility, and usability. Dart, Go, Kotlin / MySQL, Oracle, SQLite Work with clients to determine needs, define solutions, generate projects, and demonstrate incremental progress. Developed a customer/producer matching, communication, and mapping application and API with a proprietary graph database for mobile and web. (Dart, Kotlin / AWS, MySQL, custom) Analyzed system and database architecture via code inspection and event storming to create a 3-year plan for a series of incremental improvement projects. (C# / Oracle) Designed and built a modular, extensible, tested, concurrent component architecture with integrated OTeL tracing and logging. (Go) Developed multiple batch and stream ETL/ELTs to convert millions of records across Medallion and Lambda architectures to multiple data types and storage systems. (Go / various data storage formats and platforms / AWS, Docker, Teraform) Use data-driven approaches to build proof-of-concept features and capabilities focused on measurable performance and simple, flexible usability. (Go / SQLite) Create unit and integration test suites, executed along with VCS and cloud CI/CD for fully-automated deployments. (Go / AWS, Docker, Teraform) Agile Delivery Coach, Engineering Contractor - LEAN TECHNIQUES, DES MOINES, IA 2018-2023 Trained customers on agile methodologies while building out complex, multi-department data tracking and integration layers in multiple programming languages. Performed a data-driven total codebase conversion resulting in a 20x+ increase in capability and reducing annual runrate from 26M to 1M$. Go, Java, Javascript, Kotlin, Python, and Scala / AVRO, Parquet, DB2 Analyzed and refactored legacy API code, converting "god" classes and methods from thousands of untested lines of code into small, well-tested units. (Java) Developed a user-managed web platform to adapt a complicated, error-prone manual business process into an automated event stream with full auditability. (Kotlin, Javascript / DB2) Developed a dependency configuration scanner to analyze hundreds of Maven and SBT files to build a dependency graph to find invalid versions and circular dependencies. (Javascript, Kotlin) Prototyped equivalent MVP applications in multiple languages for apples-apples data to compare performance and make informed decisions. (Go, Java 8/11, Javascript, Kotlin JVM/native, Python, Rust, Scala) Converted a petabyte-scale, customer query configured, near-realtime statistical reporting and geospatial mapping API to reduce complexity and errors while increasing performance from <5M to >100M records per individual 30s SLA request. (Go, Scala / AWS, Docker, Terraform) Converted an ingestion ETL to optimize data storage and processing to reduce the footprint and cost of telematics data by 50% while improving report request performance by 2-3x. (Go, Scala / AVRO, Parquet / AWS, Docker, Terraform) Integrated tracing and metrics to monitor and target process improvements. (Go / OTeL) WILLIAM HUTCHINSON 515-822-0343 hutch.science@gmail.com Page 2 Solution Architect - BEACON COMMUNICATIONS, DES MOINES, IA 2016-2018 Managed and trained a small team while creating a workflow process automation platform. Java, PHP / MySQL Supported an in-house developed office CMS. (PHP / MySQL) Worked with business partners to define their next generation CMS as a tool and product, with a complete user/workflow access security model and administrator configuration. Defined an interface and data-flow configuration DSL. Developed a DSL generator to persist configurations and a parser to enable display and run. (Java, MySQL) Developed an administrator configuration UI to allow independent process management visually by drag and drop modules. (Javascript) Developed a multi-process UI for users to access and execute their allowed workflows and reports. (Java, Javascript / MySQL) Business Project Management Consultant - NATIONWIDE INSURANCE, Des Moines, IA 2009-2015 Collaborated with business partners to build a series of data management and reporting projects of increasing complexity. Automated complex reporting processes, eliminating 8-12 hours per user per week, and saving approximately 2M$ in analyst and leadership time, annually. ASP Classic, PHP, Java, Javascript / MSSQL Converted a market research tool to improve performance and reduce complexity, enabling faster improvement iterations. (ASP Classic, PHP) Rebuilt project queries to reduce code and improve performance by 10-50x. (MSSQL) Built on previous improvements to expand reporting capabilities from a few hundred data points to billions by optimizing data - produced by a commercial calculator, in a relational database - and providing an easy-to-use web-based interface summarizing and/or slicing the data in client-request-driven report results. (PHP / MSSQL) Saved 6 months of IT project by building a nightly ETL process to import custom-formatted data files and distribute it in a relational schema. (PHP / MSSQL) Analyzed and automated an ETL and reporting process to convert a six-week, whole-team, quarterly endeavor into an monthly overnight process, enabling more timely, actionable data. (Java / Access, Excel, Google Earth and Maps, MSSQL) Converted a nightly 6-hour SLA ETL process into a 5-minute process, eliminating runtime conflicts. (PHP, Java / MSSQL) EDUCATION GRAND VIEW UNIVERSITY, Des Moines, IA 2016 Management Information Systems BA DES MOINES AREA COMMUNITY COLLEGE, Des Moines, IA 2010 Business Information Systems AAS Associate of General Studies