Ankit Prasad 729-490-1255 ankit.developer24@gmail.com in Linkedin Github Leetcode Education Dayananda Sagar University Oct 2020 - Aug 2024 Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science (CGPA: 8.16 / 10.00) Bangalore, Karnataka Experience Solarwinds (Squadcast team) Remote Software Engineer Apr 2026 - Present Currently working on adding support for secondary phone numbers and enabling notification escalation to secondary contacts based on user's personal notification rulesets. Associate Software Engineer Apr 2025 - Mar 2026 Eliminated infrastructure vendor lock-in by deprecating Google Pub/Sub in favor of Kafka for all microservices with zero downtime and migrating the weekly-reports analytics workload from BigQuery to ClickHouse. Improved search-service indexing workflow by optimizing MongoDB-Elasticsearch synchronization, reducing peak database load by 50%. Instrumented databases and implemented tracing for HTTP, gRPC, and event consumer handlers using SWO and OpenTelemetry for all microservices. Deprecated legacy NodeJS microservices and migrated critical routes to a Golang-based microservice. Squadcast Remote Software Development Engineer - 1 July 2024 - Mar 2025 Implemented an analytics microservice using Golang and ClickHouse to compute and visualize XTTA, XTTR, and other incident-related metrics efficiently. Developed a chat entity parser in Flutter to accurately identify and parse user mentions, extracting and displaying the mentioned users' information dynamically within the chat interface. Software Development Engineer - Intern Jan 2024 - June 2024 Implemented UI designs and smooth animations using Flutter, and integrated REST APIs across multiple mobile screens, enhancing the user experience with seamless transitions. Implemented a cron job to remove invalid device IDs, preventing notification system crashes. Devsnest Remote Backend Developer Aug 2022 - Dec 2023 Implemented a backend assessment judge where users create REST APIs based on provided database schemas, endpoints, parameters, and expected outcomes. The test cases assess correctness of user's API. Developed weekly and monthly leaderboard using Sidekiq for automated generation which helps in user engagement and providing better insight. Monitored endpoints on New Relic to identify the bottlenecks and applied optimization techniques such as caching, filtering data, and pagination to improve API efficiency by 60%. Enhanced code quality and maintainability by implementing RSpec tests for models and controllers, raising test coverage by 40%. Projects Silver Umbrella ReactJS, Ruby on Rails, MySQL Link Silver Umbrella is a blog platform that allows users to publish articles, and engage through likes, comments, and following other users. It features a recommendation system that suggests blogs using content-based filtering techniques. Octave Synth Golang Link Octave-Synth is a sound synthesizer written in Go with ADSR envelope support and multiple waveform types, allows to play the specific note when a key is pressed on the keyboard. Technical Skills Programming Languages: Golang, Dart, Ruby, C++, JavaScript, Python Libraries/Frameworks: Ruby on Rails, Flutter, ExpressJS, ReactJS, SFML, BubbleTea, OpenTelemetry Databases/Tools: MySQL, ClickHouse, MongoDB, Redis, Apache Kafka, Google Pub/Sub, Solarwinds Observability, Grafana, Docker, Postman, Git