RESUME N KARTHICK 61/H2 dingle dale, Finger post, Ooty, Tamil Nadu - 643006. krishkarthick2a@gmail.com/9715851190 Career Objective To pursue challenging opportunities that allow me to grow professionally, contribute effectively to the organization's success, and continuously expand my skills and knowledge. EDUCATION QUALIFICATION: Completed Master of Computer Applications in Karpagam college of Engineering affiliated to Anna University, with an aggregate of 85% in 2022. Completed Bachelor of Computer Applications in Rathinam college of art and science affiliated to Bharathiar University, with an aggregate of 75% in 2020. Completed 12th from St.Josephs hr. sec. school Ooty with an aggregate of 72.33% in 2016. Completed 10th from Kendriya Vidyalaya Ooty with an aggregate of 76% in 2014. SKILLS: Soft skills: I am a flexible team player under pressurized situations and a person of accepting mistakes to correct myself. I am able to learn quickly and can absorb easily. Technical skills: Programming Languages: Golang, JavaScript, Solidity. Backend & Frameworks: REST APIs, Kafka, ReactJS, Ethers.js. Blockchain Tools: Hardhat, Foundry, Slither. Databases: Postgresql, MongoDB. Work Experience: Software Developer (Dynamics 365 / C# / x++) at Skalable Technologies I June 2022 - Sep 2023 (1 year 4 months) Blockchain Developer (Go / Solidity / Backend Focus) at SimplyFi SoftTech I Oct 2023 - Present [2 year 7 months (3 months internship)] Projects : 1. Backend Development Designed and developed REST APIs using Golang and MongoDB. Built and maintained backend services in Golang for blockchain-based applications. 2. Smart Contract Development & Integration Deployed smart contracts on Ethereum, Polygon, Arbitrum, and Optimism using Hardhat, Foundry, and GETH (GO-Ethereum). Integrated blockchain logic with frontend applications using Ethers.js, Web3.js, and Wagmi, including wallet connectivity and transaction management. Developed and tested multiple token standards: ERC-20, ERC-721, ERC-1155, with extensions for token distribution, vesting contracts, multisig wallets, auction systems, and ERC-4337 paymaster logic (Account Abstraction). 3. Cross-Chain Interoperability Implemented interoperability solutions with IBC, Chainlink CCIP, Wormhole, Zetachain, and Cosmos SDK. Developed custom paymaster logic and intent-based flows for gas abstraction. Utilized Apache Kafka for event streaming and message propagation across chains to coordinate minting, bridging, and transaction state synchronization. ACHIEVEMENTS & PARTICIPATIONS: Played at divisional level in Badminton and also won at Nilgiris. Represented Nilgiris in states(CM Trophy) - Badminton. Secured second place in a treasure hunt in inter-college competition at Nehru. Participated in an Ethical hacking workshop in CSI College of Engineering. Participated in a Mobile hardware workshop in Rathinam College. Participated in an Android apps and security workshop in Rathinam College. PERSONAL DETAILS : Name : Karthick N Age : 27 Date of Birth : 9/10/1998 Nationality : Indian Sex : Male Languages known : English, Tamil. Hobbies : Bike riding, Reading Books and Sketching. DECLARATION: I hereby certify that all the above mentioned data are true to my knowledge. PLACE: DATE : KARTHICK N