RAJIV RANJAN SINGH iamrajiv.github.io +91 9108494790 rajivperfect007@gmail.com in LinkedIn GitHub Stack Overflow CodeChef Rating 1872 HackerEarth Rating 1625 HackerRank Rating 1908.5 EDUCATION JSS Academy Of Technical Education B.E. in Information Science & Engineering August 2018 - August 2022 - CGPA: 7.68 Bengaluru, India EXPERIENCE A.P. Moller - Maersk Bengaluru, India Software Development Engineer JL3 June 2023 - Present Part of the Maersk Developer Platform (MDP) team, working on a platform that offers developers a unified and standardized experience. Our platform enables continuous delivery and provides runtime services, empowering developers to quickly experiment and develop code. Working on and maintaining Maersk Secrets Storage (MSS) provides applications and platforms with the ability to securely exchange and store secrets. Designing a network for cloud segments, particularly focusing on the requirements of Maersk. This architecture provides a scalable, secure, and efficient network design for hosting diverse workloads in the cloud, considering past lessons and future scalability. Google Summer of Code 2023 Remote Mentor @ Jenkins May 2023 - Present Mentoring a project for the Jenkins organization in the 2023 edition of Google Summer of Code. The project involves building Jenkins. io using alternative tools. Lummo Bengaluru, India Software Development Engineer 1 August 2022 - June 2023 Steampipe integration for cost auditing and detecting stale resources Created and maintained Jango Fett which creates an ephemeral environment for creating cloud resources and testing them written in Go Fixing autoscaling issues showing up in the GKE dashboard and wrote test coverage for Traefik upgrade Optimized GH action job execution time through utilization of Docker & GHA cache. Kubernetes Resource Management (KRM functions). Worked with PgBouncer and Schema Validation Enhanced ArgoCD Diff GitHub Action and migrated Pub/Sub to KRM based Pub/Sub Google Summer of Code 2022 Remote Keptn May 2022 - September 2022 Built a new documentation site engine for Keptn using Docusaurus. Developed JavaScript code to fetch Markdown and other documentation files from a separate repository. Implemented CI/CD pipelines to automate the deployment process. Created interactive comments using React and integrated them with Docusaurus. redBus Bengaluru, India Software Engineering Intern March 2022 - June 2022 Developed an internal UGC Support Tool for the UGC team, enabling streamlined access to valuable data such as Ratings, Reviews, etc. Built from scratch to meet team-specific needs. Linux Foundation Mentorship Remote moja global September 2021 - November 2021 Developed FLINT UI with Vue.js for configuring simulations through FLINT.Cloud APIs, enabling continuous deployment & cloud-based FLINT resources. Economize Remote Software Engineering Intern May 2021 - November 2021 Implemented support for Slack Block Kit layout, integrated Zulip for Economize app cost reporting, created Economize docs site using Docusaurus, added Firebase auth token script for Postman requests, set up TestProject for Economize app UI component testing, integrated Ghost blog on Amazon EC2 instance. Google Season of Docs '21 Remote Wechaty May 2021 - August 2021 Enhanced gRPC & OpenAPI ecosystem in Wechaty by implementing Swagger UI support, PWA for Docusaurus & Jekyll site, & a script to fetch & render the CHANGELOG.md file on the Docs site. Google Season of Docs '20 Remote gRPC-Gateway August 2020 - December 2020 Refactored the Existing Docs Site of gRPC-Gateway. Created a Basic Arithmetic gRPC server which uses gRPC-Gateway. PROJECTS Neon DB Query Executor [Go, PostgreSQL, Serverless] The SQL Query Executor for Neon Database is a lightweight Go-based application that allows you to execute SQL queries stored in files against a Neon database. It provides a simple and efficient way to run SQL queries and print the results. Basic Arithmetic gRPC Server [Go, gRPC, gRPC-Gateway, protobuf] A gRPC server project that uses gRPC-Gateway to create a reverse-proxy server. It uses protobuf service definitions & provides basic arithmetic operations, such as addition, division, multiplication, & subtraction, for two integers. In-Memory Key-Value Store [Go, Docker, Terraform, Prometheus, GCP] An in-memory key-value store HTTP API service enabling retrieval of values, search for key filtering, setting key-value pairs, & removal of key-value pairs. RELEVANT SKILLS Languages: C++ CSS Go HTML JavaScript LaTex Sass SQL WebAssembly Frameworks & Tools: gRPC gRPC-Gateway Hugo Jekyll Vue Docker Kubernetes Monitoring Cloud-Native Git CI/CD GCP ACHIEVEMENTS 2600+ Stackoverflow Reputations | 18K+ content views on Quora Gave Lightning talk at GopherCon Europe 2022 on Generate RESTful services using gRPC-Gateway