DHRUMIL POPAT Mobile: +91-8655342808 in dhruvpopat42@gmail.com <SOFTWARE DEVELOPEMENT ENGINEER> Bangalore Summary Work Experience Backend-focused Software Engineer with 7+ years of experience building high- Setu(Pinelabs) Nov'2021 - Present <SDE 3> scale systems and performance-critical APIs. Experienced in designing reliable, NPCI APIs integration highly available services and improving Developed the UPI payee stack from the scratch and have contributed in the system stability under real production critical payment flows like Payment Auth, Payment credit. load. Strong ownership mindset with a Enabled UDIR on the UPI stack by integrating the complaint APIs for instant focus on clean architecture and long- refunds provided by NPCI. term maintainability. Integrated credit leg in the collect request flow. Products Developed the static & dynamic QR solution to accommodate ~7L Skills transactions everyday. Introduced a new code generation tool in the team called Goa. API design Knowledge Enabled stack to accept Rupay CC payments from the customers. Golang Developed the solution which performs velocity checks on the transactions Goa worth rupees ~10Cr everyday, max processed volume was 50Cr in a day. Go-Swagger Developed the solution called Infinite vpa which collects the loan payments Node.js worth rupees 16Cr+ from the customers every month without storing millions Express.js of vpas in the system. Also enables the system to receive push to vpa Loopback payments. JavaScript Settlement & Recon Engine Python Developed the settlement engine which processes the payout amount of Postgres ~30Cr everyday. Aurora Built reconciliation engine which processes 10L+ transactions & ~31K MongoDB refunds everyday. MySQL Designed the core database and also made it more performant by partitioning Redis necessary tables. AWS Optimizations ElasticSearch & Kibana Designed the core app DB & also partitioned the required tables. GIT Automated partition & archival process using AWS Lambda and EventBridge. RabbitMQ When the scale hit the DB, converted the monthly partitions into daily or SQS weekly. Docker Implemented database pooling(pgbouncer) to control the DB idle Kubernetes connections controlling the DB spikes. Micro-services (Orchestration) Grafana MyGlamm Sept'2018 - Nov'2021 <SDE> Terraform Vault MyGlamm Products JIRA Drove the migration from monolith to microservices, developing key APIs Postman and backend services. Built data migration tools using Express.js, MongoDB, and RabbitMQ to move legacy applications. Partnered with frontend and product teams to deliver smooth API Education Highlights integrations and data insights. Integrated third-party platforms including Bitly, Branch.io, Rebrandly, BE IT Mumbai University 7.75 CGPA TinyPNG, and Jimp. HSC | Maharashtra State Board 73.54% Developed a media upload service with image compression and resizing for SSC Maharashtra State Board 86.91% Amazon S3. Automated daily email reports covering product performance, revenue, and discounts. Created a wallet summary tool using PHP and jQuery DataTables as a side project. L'Occitane Brazil Built microservices: store locator & CEGID(billing system). Automated data migration and hourly stock synchronization scripts. Implemented daily FTP-based syncs for customer and order data. POPxo Developed hooks to synchronize content between internal systems. Plixxo Built an Elasticsearch service to power fast user search and discovery.