Fernando C. Menardi Email : fernando.menardi.c@gmail.com github.com/Sargastico Mobile : +55 19 99367-3340 linkedin.com/in/fernando-menard: ABOUT ME I am 26 years old. I'm a control systems engineer passionate about developing software, embedded and distributed systems. I have 6 years of professional experience with Software Development focused on distributed systems and DevOps. As an engineer, over the years I have developed strong problem solving skills. As a cybersecurity / hacking enthusiast, I'm always digging under the hood and learning how things works deeply. As a developer, I am always worried and continuously working on how to build systems with the best performance and robustness using the right design patterns, languages, tools and technologies. EDUCATION Federal Institute of Education, Science and Technology of São Paulo São Paulo, BR Bachelor of Control Systems Engineering Feb. 2018 - Mar. 2023 EXPERIENCE Orasis Holding Brazil Golang Engineer & Cloud Infrastructure Architect May 2025 - Present Owned architectural decisions, leading the adoption of a 100% no-vendor-lock, open-source, cloud-native stack, eliminating vendor licensing costs (infrastructure limited to compute only), including: * Architected cloud-native infrastructure on Kubernetes (AKS), integrating CI/CD, GitOps (ArgoCD), and Infrastructure as Code (Terraform) to enable fully automated, high-velocity, zero-downtime deployments with built-in disaster recovery, fault tolerance, and production-grade resilience * Architected a high-velocity, fully automated delivery platform (push E2E validation production), enabling continuous deployment with feature flags and canary releases for safe rollouts, progressive experimentation, and instant rollback * Unified observability platform (metrics, logs, traces, profiles) using Langfuse, Prometheus, Grafana, Loki, and Tempo * Scalable Golang backends for complex distributed workflows and durable execution (fault-tolerant, stateful systems), data ingestion, and LLM agent orchestration Data-driven platform architecture (ETL pipelines, Data Lake, Data Warehouse, Data Marts), with streaming and batch processing, data cleaning/anonymization, and enrichment pipelines powering downstream AI workloads * Designed and implemented platform-wide security guardrails, including container security (Harbor, Trivy), alerting (Grafana), automated SAST/DAST in CI pipelines, and secure access control (SSO, VPN, OAuth2, JWT) for internal and client-facing systems Tech Stack: Golang . Kubernetes Azure ArgoCD Terraform . Prometheus Grafana Loki Tempo MongoDB Redis/Valkey MySQL Kafka/Redpanda ClickHouse Restate . Langfuse Ditio Norway Backend Engineer Apr 2023 - May 2025 Overview: Develop and test applications/microservices written in Golang and maintain the cloud infrastructure for the world leading GPS-based earthworks application. Tech Stack: Golang . Kubernetes Distributed Systems/microservices AKS (Azure Kubernetes) ArgoCD DevOps NoSQL (MongoDB, Redis) SQL (SQL Server) Terraform Prometheus Sentry Grafana OpenTelemetry Nginx Docker Github Actions Redpanda Cloudflare Stamane Japan Backend Engineer Feb 2021 - Apr 2023 Overview: Worked as a software developer and DevOps for a hiring platform currently running in Japan. Own services that fit in a distributed Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA) using a mix of synchronous and asynchronous communication and processing. Tech Stack: Golang Kubernetes Distributed Systems/microservices Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) DevOps NoSQL (Elasticsearch Redis) SQL (PostgreSQL) Nginx Google Cloud Platform (GCP) CI/CD Keycloak Apache Kafka Taxpert São Paulo, BR DevOps Engineer Feb 2020 - Apr 2023 Overview: Worked as a software developer for tax data processing platform. Responsible for microservices development / orchestration and frontend integration, along with data processing and analytics using cloud native technologies, image processing and machine learning. Tech Stack: Golang Java Kubernetes Distributed Systems/microservices Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) DevOps SQL (PostgreSQL, Vitess) Java Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Amazon Web Services Integração e entrega contínuas (CI/CD) Keycloak Apache Kafka Cloudflare Computer Vision Research IFSP São Paulo, BR Undergraduate Researcher Jan 2020 - Nov 2021 Overview: Scientific research project aimed to develop a prototype system for inspection of surface defects in metallic parts using computer vision. The project was funded through a scholarship. Tech Stack: Python, OpenCV PRESENTATIONS Hackers to Hackers conference - Virtual Machine Introspection for threats monitoring on ARM Systems: Threat monitoring approach on ARM architecture systems through a Type-1 Hypervisor Semana de Tecnologia IFSP-SBV 2019 - Vulnerability analysis and security of IoT systems: Overview of IoT vulnerabilities and exploit techniques PROJECTS orbitalRAT: orbitalRAT is a "Remote Administrative Tool" to keep track of Satellites data and orbits using TLE, and setup/perform the necessary steps to communicate with those satellites using GNU Radio along with a Software-Defined Radio (SDR) Neko-V: RISC-V 32-bit Processor, created using Verilog for FPGA. K3t4m1n3: Collection of intructions, bash scripts and source code to deploy an emulated and runnable ARM System, along with the Xen Hypervisor that is capable of boot multiple linux virtual machines. Created to facilitate the process of VMI development for those who only have access to x86 processors. LKM-Rootkit: Proof of concept of an "Linux Kernel Module", that when loaded at runtime on Linux, maliciously patch the Kernel functions and waits for a specific "Kill Signal" to grant root permissions to the calling process PROGRAMMING SKILLS Languages: Golang, Java, Python, C, C++, SQL, Verilog, Matlab Tech-Stack: Linux, Windows, GCP, AWS, Kubernetes, Terraform, Ansible, Docker, Kafka, Elasticsearch, Vitess, Redis, GraphQL, Hasura, Keras, Tensorflow, Keycloak LANGUAGES Portuguese: Advanced/Fluent English: Advanced/Fluent Spanish: Intermediary