MAKSIM DVOEGLAZOV BACKEND ENGINEER REACH ME AT voedoo@gmail.com in LinkedIn GitLab CAREER HISTORY Compas Ltd 2022 - 2025 ERP System Developed a back-end for an enterprise resource planning system web- version. Implemented CI/CD configuration for that back-end services. Created an application that automatically translated a hundreds scripts from internal programming language to JS. Integrated a telephony through an external contractor's api. ContentQUO OÜ 2020 - 2021 Translate Management System Designed, developed and tested a data analytics subsystem. The primary goal of the overall subsystem: providing different aggregated metrics concerning linguistic text translations (from one language to another), quality assessment, corrections, and related tasks. Optimized the workflow so that typical development tasks started to took 4 hours instead of 6. NodaSoft 2017 - 2020 E-commerce Platform Developed from the scratch a scalable order creation and warehouse management b2b-system designed to handle the workload of any potential target market sector. It is currently used by approximately 500 of the company's contractors that own their own warehouses. Developed a library for processing XLSX and DOCX files. Migrated the report generation system from PHP to Go, reducing the average generation time from 2.5 seconds to 0.4 seconds. EDUCATION SKILLS Southern Federal University Backend: Golang, SQL CI/CD: GitLab, Docker, Jenkins, AWS Bachelor of Computer Science, 2017 Database: PostgreSQL, MySQL, Redis, MongoDB Monitoring: Prometeus, Grafana, Sentry Web: REST, gRPC, WebSocket, OpenAPI, GraphQL Other: JavaScript, VueJS, PHP, web3, gin, orm Cover Letter Hello! My name is Maksim, I'm a backend developer with 6 years of experience specializing in Golang & SQL. I'm looking for a job. I want to know if you have any such positions for remote work? I am capable of driving a project from inception to a finished product, and also of diving into an existing project. I have worked in both remote and on-site teams and regularly collaborate across engineering, product, and infrastructure. I am familiar with the full software development lifecycle, including documentation creation, code review, test coverage, and CI/CD. I am well-versed in fundamental and modern practices for designing and implementing applications and web-services, as well as writing clean and maintainable code. Also I have hands-on experience building scalable and distributed systems. I'm most effective when deeply involved in product and system design, shaping solutions rather than just implementing requirements. In my free time, I'm passionate about music and game development. Also, I've got some questions about employment: 1. Do you hire people as individual contractors, B2B-contractors, or only under local legislation? 2. What are the available payment options in your company: Wise / Deel / USDT / SWIFT? I suggest you take a look at my resume in attachments. Thank you for your attention! I'd be glad to discuss this in more detail. Kinds regards