Diogo Pinto Senior Backend Engineer diogoxavierpinto@gmail.com in LinkedIn Github SKILLS Go Microservices gRPC, REST, GraphQL PostgreSQL, SQLite MongoDB Redis Pub/Sub, Kafka, RabbitMQ LLM AWS, GCP Kubernetes Docker, Nix Temporal PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Cynergy Bank (Remote) Tech Lead Jun 2024 - Present Led a cross-functional team of 5 engineers and other key roles to develop key London, UK banking features like notifications, secure messaging, and relationship management from scratch. Managed the full feature lifecycle, ensuring alignment with stakeholders and tech leads. Gathered requirements; designed and documented solutions; distributed engineering workload and engaged in development. Senior Backend Engineer Jul 2023 - Jun 2024 Built and deployed a mobile banking system from scratch to production in just 7 London, UK months - over 60% faster than expected - while standing out as an expert in Go and microservices. Advocated for and standardized coding and architectural best practices across engineering. Boosted development speed by implementing: protobuf contract generation; gRPC with standardized observability, automated PubSub integration with protobuf types as topic/subscription; and SAGAs with Temporal . Developed a solution to ensure data parity with a legacy system, enabling real- time data propagation and bulk migration for disaster recovery. Heetch (Remote) Oct 2021 - Jul 2023 Senior Backend Engineer Paris, France Excelled in a fully remote, asynchronous environment by working autonomously, making project-wide decisions, and seeking peer feedback when needed. Advocated for improved code practices and workflows to enhance system and internal tool maintainability. Owned projects from discovery to implementation, monitoring, and support, including new features and major system refactors. Enhanced user flows by leveraging the system's asynchronous capabilities and microservice best practices. Improved the product by applying technical knowledge and business sensibility, always keeping the end-user in mind. Curve (Remote) Aug 2019 Oct 2021 Backend Engineer London, UK Collaborated with a distributed team to develop mission-critical services for payments and account management at an international Fintech startup. Worked with a robust development workflow, including CI/CD, comprehensive testing (unit, integration, and end-to-end), and full ticket lifecycle ownership from implementation to testing, release, and production monitoring. Owned and co-owned 4 services: maintaining code quality, best practices, updated READMEs and comprehensive Datadog dashboards. Responsible for understanding the services and sharing the knowledge. Built, contributed to, and implemented shared libraries across services, reducing development time and preventing technical debt while maintaining proper service decoupling. Migrated over a dozen critical client-server gRPC service connections with breaking API changes in a production environment, ensuring zero downtime. Used HTTP (REST) and gRPC to communicate across services and RabbitMQ for event-driven solutions. Tlantic (Hybrid) Feb 2019 Aug 2019 Backend Engineer Intern Porto, Portugal Experienced an Agile workflow working on a service-oriented retail system written in Go. Designed and implemented microservices in a production environment. Used RESTful best practices to communicate across services. EDUCATION Software Engineering Bachelor's 2016 2019 Escola Superior de Tecnologia e Gestão Felgueiras, Portugal Software Engineering Bachelor's Erasmus+ 2018 2018 Politechnika Gdańska Gdańsk, Poland