Aman Khys PN Backend Golang Developer Kannur, Kerala, India amankhys2112@gmail.com LinkedIn GitHub Blog: amankhys.hashnode.dev/ Ph: 8078100554 About Me I am a backend-focused web developer who builds efficient and scalable applications using Golang. I follow the Go philosophy closely, writing modular, minimalistic, and production-ready code. My projects range from RESTful APIs and full-stack platforms to system utilities. Every line of code is a learning step toward better control, security, and reliability. Projects Multi-Vendor E-commerce Platform Built a feature-rich, production-level multi-vendor e-commerce platform using Go's net/http standard library without any frameworks. Designed with modular architecture to manage authentication, multiple user roles (admin, vendor, customer), cart operations, dynamic product filtering, order flow, address handling, and Razorpay payment gateway. Context is passed via middleware for role-based access. SQLC provides strongly-typed database interactions. The application handles backend logic for Google Authentication, payments, and dynamic sales report generation. Hosted on AWS as an EC2 instance. Worked out the entire API endpoints in HTTPie for API documentation. The database was mapped out in eraser.io for better structuring of the project CRUD operation relations between DB relations. Currently moving from monolithic to micro serviced architecture using gRPC communications between services and hosting it inside a kubernetes cluster with ingress. GitHub: github.com/AmanKhys/multivendorecommerce_go Interpreted language written in Go Creating an interpreted language with Go. Getting mastery over the whole process of parsing and lexing. Using Pratt Parser design to structure the tree of execution chain from top to bottom. Github:_https://github.com/AmanKhys/klang_interpreter.git Docker from scratch A rootless containerisation application built from scratch to have the rudimentary features of docker, which isolates the file-system and the processes that it can look into to behave exactly like a container deployed using docker. Demonstrates understanding of Linux internals, container lifecycle, and system-level programming. Github: https://github.com/AmanKhys/make_docker Tools & Technologies Languages: Golang, JavaScript, Typescript Databases: MySQL, PostgreSQL, Mongodb Go Packages: net/http, context, SQLC, Razorpay SDK, Google OAuth, go-cron, etc Others: Git, Vim, Terminal Workflow, Kubernetes, docker, gRPC, concurrency, bash scripting Style: Modular Go, idiomatic design, minimal frameworks Frontend: HTML, CSS, React Education B.Sc. Statistics with Computer Science [2021-24] Kannur University Relevant Coursework: Statistical analysis, data science with R, mathematical models for statistics Science with Computer Science [2018-20] Govt. Brennen HSS Interests Exploring Linux internals and building CLI tools. System-level scripting and reverse engineering. Clean code, minimalist philosophies. Reading developer blogs and watching technical deep dives. Other Experiences - Contributed to Open source for kubernetes under the cloud nation foundation as part of their social media handling and writing blog posts for them. - Taking on freelance work on the side building sites that are useful in the real world dealing with clients on a small scale. - In partnership on creating an Open Source Software to join hands with local blood banks for the ease of requesting blood and finding donors. Other small applications A terminal todo application that runs on a grpc service A command line terminal application that deletes todo items with bidirectional streaming for live updates on the client side when deleting each item in the server when deleting items in bulk. https://github.com/AmanKhys/grpc_services_anc clients.git Etch a Sketcher - JavaScript Game An interactive browser-based drawing game built with vanilla JavaScript and DOM events. etch-a-sketcher Live: Demo The Odin Project, Youtube Clone A pixel-perfect frontend clone of The Odin Project site and Youtube using plain HTML, CSS, and media queries. youtube-clone | Live: Demo, TheOdinProject-clone Live: Demo