Huan (Hayden) Cao huancao3001@gmail.com I (856) 576-8590 I linkedin.com/in/huancao3001 I https://github.com/Cumbercubie/ WORK EXPERIENCE NBME, Software Engineer II - Remote July 2025 - Present Developed automated Spring Boot workflows to optimize and scale exam scoring processes. Refactored and migrated legacy Java 8 codebases to Java 21, boosting maintainability and performance. Comcast, Software Engineer - Mt. Laurel, NJ Sep 2024 - July 2025 Designed and developed an on-demand data poller service using Go, GraphQL, and S3 for millions of concurrent device data streams using gRPC. Built ETL pipelines with Databricks & PySpark to process millions of device data; reduced compute cost by 50%. Co-led zero-downtime regional migrations of Databricks resources and refactored data workflows for reliability. Deployed Grafana monitoring & alerting for Go workers, AWS metrics, and service panics, improving observability across systems. MakersPalm, Full-stack Software Engineer - Media, PA Jun 2023 - Sep 2024 Delivered B2B e-commerce website using Shopify Storefront, and integrated with Shopify's GraphQL API, enabling complex B2B features with authentication, product variants, product-specific pricing, carts, checkout, and product search. Collaborated directly with operations and business teams to gather requirements and design high-demand features. Built Shopify-embedded apps for B2B company's customers and order management. Integrated and deployed a Redis-backed shipping quote coordinator on DigitalOcean, improving dispatch throughput and latency. Drove best practices in testing (Vitest, Playwright), cutting QA time and development bugs by 60%. Taperk, Software Engineer & Co-founder - Remote, US Apr 2023 - Jan 2025 Architected backend infrastructure for customer-facing and internal apps with Nest.JS and PostgreSQL Integrated POS systems and built containerized infrastructure on AWS ECS for scalable, fault-tolerant services. Drove growth initiatives, including user research, customer development, and business model refinement to validate product-market fit. Buymed, Software Engineer - HCMC, Vietnam Apr 2021 - Dec 2022 Developed high-availability internal warehouse system using React.js/Next.js with Golang microservices and MongoDB. Enhanced UI/UX and optimized front-end performance for 1,000+ daily active users. Led initiative for first-mile pickup, last-mile delivery, and transit management features, improving end-to-end order visibility and logistics efficiency. Led warehouse inbound process initiative with real-time updates, integration with hardware systems & devices; Acted as Product Owner, gathering requirements from warehouse teams and stakeholders to deliver high-impact UI/UX and performance improvements. TECHNICAL SKILL Languages: Golang, JavaScript, Java, Python, Vue Frameworks: Next.JS, Spring Boot, Node.JS, Kafka, Spark, Nuxt.JS, Infrastructure/Tools: Databricks, AWS (EC2, Route53, ECS), Azure, Docker Databases: Redis, MongoDB, PostgreSQL, GraphQL EDUCATION University of Information Technology - HCMC, Vietnam Nov 2022 Bachelor of Engineering I Major: Information Systems, focus on Data Mining and Big Data Thesis: Video Recommending System Using Deep Learning Method PROJECT Data Ingestion, ETL & Processing Pipeline June 2025 - Present Python, Azure ADLS, Azure Functions, GraphQL, PostgreSQL Migrated clickstream data's dashboard service from PySpark to Flask; designed periodic PySpark workflows to process and persist data to PostgreSQL, reducing dashboard load time by 80%. Designed and developed an end-to-end data pipeline to fetch student's reviews following Medallion architecture, leveraging full-suite Azure services including Azure Functions, Synapse Analytics, Datalake Gen2.