Gastón Frenkel - Software Engineer gst.frenkel@gmail.com I +54 9 11-3218-1676 I Linkedln GitHub Experience BigID Buenos Aires, Argentina Software Engineer June 2025 - November 2025 Updated 20k+ RPM public endpoints to provide third-party library and phone-permission data for the new mobile SDK powering cookie banner experiences on iOS and Android. Integrated the new Cookies product with BigID's core platform's RBAC system, ensuring consistent authorization flows across services. Resolved 21+ security vulnerabilities (CVEs) across backend services and Docker images. Contributed to a 3x increase in net new ARR for the Consent Management product line. Technologies: Node.js, Typescript, AWS, DynamoDB, SQS, Cognito, Docker, React, Datadog. Mercado Libre Buenos Aires, Argentina Software Engineer November 2023 - June 2025 Designed and implemented resilient systems for Mercado Pago's home tab, engineered to handle 600k+ RPM, with a 99.9% SLA compliance. Spearheaded development of Meli+ loyalty program driving 100k+ new monthly subscriptions and generating $10M+ in monthly recurring revenue. Reduced backend load by 30% in a critical service by consolidating multiple API calls into a single cached request using Redis, ensuring scalability during peak usage. Engineered a backend solution leveraging an existing capability to enable non-technical teams to independently update app layouts, freeing engineering teams to prioritize core development. Technologies: Golang, MySQL, DynamoDB, Datadog, Kibana. University of Buenos Aires Buenos Aires, Argentina Teaching Assistant - Software Engineering II February 2025 - Present Mentor 5-man teams through a semester-long full-stack mobile app development project, acting as both Product Owner and Technical Leader. Conduct weekly meetings to resolve blockers and ensure adequate progress while adhering to a simulated real-world Agile workflow. Tecnología y Desarrollo Informático Buenos Aires, Argentina Fullstack Developer November 2022 - November 2023 Developed and maintained Misiones Province's tributary system, processing critical taxpayer data for 1M+ residents using Javascript, PHP and PL/SQL. Migrated a decade-old system to ReactJS, Typescript, PHP/Codelgniter and Docker, enforcing coding standards, modernizing Uls and optimizing workflows to reduce technical debt. Education University of Buenos Aires Buenos Aires, Argentina Computer Engineering. GPA 7.73 / 10 Grad December 2025 Electronics Engineering. GPA 7.58 / 10 Grad December 2026 Projects Led a 4-man team in the development of a Twitter-like social media platform which allows users to create and edit profiles, follow other users, create, share and like posts, etc. Used technologies include React Native, NodeJS, PostgreSQL, RabbitMQ, Docker and Kubernetes. Developed a Bitcoin wallet and node with SegWit support in Rust, which allow users to download blocks and transactions from the Testnet and send, receive and validate transactions in real time while handling several accounts at once.