Shalu Kushwaha Ghazipur, Utter Pradesh, India (233001) (+91) 7068262351 shalukush06@gmail.com github.com/Shalu-Kushwaha in linkedin.com/in/shalu-kushwaha Experience I have 2.5 years of experience in Golang. Kitaabh Tech. Pvt. Ltd. Hyderabad, Telangana SDE 1(Accounting Software) April 2025 - June 2025 (Kitaabh is pioneering the Advisory Accounting Platform category-a new class of financial software that trans- forms how accounting professionals deliver value. For CAs, we enable the transformation from periodic audits to continuous advisory with powerful insights and client monitoring tools) Led the design and implementation of a new project module that simplified complex subsystems using the Facade Design Pattern, improving code maintainability and scalability. Wrote clean, well-documented Golang code using RESTful API endpoints and middleware logic, with Post- greSQL and Bun ORM for efficient database handling. BR Softech Jaipur, Rajasthan SDE 1 May 2023 - Sep 2024 Fantasy Game Development (Designed and developed a fantasy-themed application that engages users with interactive gameplay mechan- ics, and vibrant visual design.Incorporated features such as real-time multiplayer functionality, enhancing user engagement and retention.) Developed backend services using Golang for a fantasy role-playing game platform, focusing on scalability and real-time interactions. Designed and implemented RESTful APIs for game features such as user authentication, inventory manage- ment, and interaction with players. Optimized database queries and implemented caching strategies to enhance application performance and reduce latency. Jukshio Hyderabad, Telangana Graduate Engineer Trainee (Golang Developer) Aug 2022 - March 2023 Collaborated with the development team to design, implement, and test new features and applications using Golang. Wrote clean, maintainable, and efficient code. Troubleshoot and debug issues in existing applications. Create a mini project involving [CRUD application], showcasing innovative solutions and improving practical skills. Skills Languages: Golang Framework: Gin, GORM, Bun ORM, HTTP Database: MySql, Redis, NoSql(Basic) Additional: Linux, AWS(basic), RESTful APIs, Github, Unit Testing, Docker(basic), jwt auth, OAuth2 Education B.Tech Computer Science (CGPA: 7.9) June 2019 - May 2022 Diploma Computer Engineering (CGPA: 7.8) July 2015 - May 2018 Language Hindi, English