Mark Pictor Austin, TX (US) metro area mpictor@gmail.com I linkedin.com/in/mark-pictor-b0b581138 mobile +1-317-993-0779 github.com/mpictor I mpictor.github.io Senior Software Engineer with 10+ years of experience building secure, high-performance backend, embedded, and systems software in Go, Rust, and C/C++. Strong in observability tools, CI/CD automation, and backend performance optimization. Enjoys designing resilient systems and contributing to open-source projects. SKILLS Programming Languages: Golang, Python, Rust, C, C++, Bash CI/CD Tools: git, Github Actions, Jenkins, Ansible, Packer, Docker, Kubernetes Cloud Technologies: AWS EC2 & EBS, AWS CloudFormation, infrastructure as code, virtual machines, containerization Systems Engineering: Embedded Linux, Linux Kernel Debug, Early Userspace, Device Drivers, System Administration, Build Automation Testing & Debugging: Wireshark; Unit, Integration, and Performance Testing; JTAG; Oscilloscope; Logic Analyzer Security: PCI, HIPAA, FedRAMP, JITC, DISA STIG EXPERIENCE Contrast Security Remote (Austin, TX) 2021 2025 Senior Software Engineer Performance Performance was a critical concern at Contrast because the IAST/RASP/ADR agent injects into customer code. Almost anything done poorly could cause unacceptable performance, particularly if/when the customer has unexpected code patterns. The acceptable performance impact was 10% or less. Increased throughput by > 1000x by eliminating secondary agent process and container. Logic was migrated into the agent proper. Elimination of container and attendant configuration greatly simplifies setup. Led RASP implementation effort for go agent. Optimized RASP implementation by benchmarking overhead per endpoint hit in representative app. Overhead for native go regexp was 15ms, rust+CGO was ~8ms, and rust+WASM was ~5ms/hit. Accuracy Shortened developer feedback loop 1000x with an OpenTelemetry collector module that rejects messages lacking required attributes and sending a descriptive error to the client. Enabled only in lower environments, the module provides early feedback to developers about any missing vital data before the code enters production. Reduced standard library path traversal false positives 25% by modeling behavior of sanitizer functions. Reworked test cases to model real-world code; found and fixed 5 customer-facing bugs. Verified behavior of vulnerabilities in go-test-bench, fixing 7 flaws in logic. Add user-facing text to 4 vulnerabilities to more accurately convey impact. CI/CD & Tooling Reduced CI/CD run time 30% by splitting lengthy jobs to run in parallel. Tuned CI timeouts and logic, reducing false failures 75% while also avoiding longstanding stuck processes. Created tool to coordinate setup & teardown of extra infra needed for agent debugging; configures agent, stands up backend mock, adjusts logging locations, computes debugger arguments. A simple debug session can be 10x faster. Effected a 30x reduction in go-test-bench PR overhead by implementing a code and configuration generator that keeps the swagger variant of go-test-bench in sync with other frameworks. Open source contributions Uniform body close behavior (otel-go #5954) fixes inconsistencies in behavior with different error conditions. Propagation of errors to client (otel-go #5929) enables useful error messages to return to client app. Added code to go-test-bench github.com/Contrast-Security-OSS/go-test-bench through a number of pull requests. Genesys, formerly Interactive Intelligence - Indianapolis, IN & Remote (Austin, TX) 2014 2021 Senior Software Engineer / Software Engineer / Embedded Linux Developer Reliability Reliability is a crucial concern for Genesys because the product (PureCloud Edge network appliance) is installed in customer contact centers. Uptime (reliability) needed to exceed 99.99%. Led team developing "installer" application, providing customers with a timely alternative to an appliance shipped from Genesys. The app checks the customer network for common issues (DPI, firewall misconfiguration) and checks the hardware against stringent specs. Layered challenge-response authentication proves the customer is in physical possession of an unmodified device, preventing even sophisticated interception attacks. This app reduces time to installed, functioning edge device ~2000x. Reduced RMAs and customer support calls 15% via automated hardware validation prior to shipment. This manufacturing app will not print product paperwork until all checks pass. Network config export (windows) and import (linux) enables hands-off, seamless upgrades from windows to linux in the field, enhancing performance, reliability, and security. Factory Restore mechanism for Linux appliances enhances reliability 25% and allows customer to safely and securely erase data, returning unit to known-good, factory-fresh state. Evaluated server hardware & firmware; drive chassis design improvements for usability, fit, and cooling. Performance Image optimization to minimize AWS EC2 instantiation time of Edge microservice, for a 55% improvement. Tuned Linux kernel (hardware Edge appliance), increasing network throughput ~15%. Refined Linux Receive-Side Scaling (RSS) by distributing NIC IRQs among non-HT CPU cores. Ran VMs in debugger to trace code execution in Linux kernel and userspace, to determine reason for speed difference between similar execution paths. Profiled processes (pprof, valgrind, eBPF) to identify hotspots. Performed statistical analysis of coredumps to count and identify C++ vtables and types of leaked objects. Security Dramatically enhance security posture of the appliance by implementing encryption key derivation for disk encryption. The key cannot be derived if any system component is added, removed, or changed. Goal was parity with windows; reality is probably 100x better. CI/CD & Tooling Framework to run integration tests with arbitrary hardware in AWS EC2, using qemu to emulate the required hardware variations. Eliminated complexity and cost associated with on-premises, dedicated hardware. Decreased storage cost by moving large files to S3 rather than retaining large EBS volumes. Image bake (using Jenkins, Packer, Ansible, Python) creates secure, up-to-date images for AWS EC2 and on-premises VMs and hardware. Open source contributions 10 u-root contributions merged, including uefivars package and 9pfs support for testing. Developed Crystalfontz LCD driver in golang and corresponding Wireshark USB protocol dissector: github.com/mpictor/cfa. Open-sourced much of factory restore/manufacturing code base: github.com/purecloudlabs/gprovision 40k lines of code in 92 packages. PERSONAL PROJECTS CGO-free fork of github.com/mpictor/golang-evdev eliminating CGO and resulting cross-compilation headaches; upstream archived, so unable to merge. STEPcode, facilitating cross-vendor import and export of CAD data via STEP standard. Updated EXPRESS lexer/parser, code generator, and libraries to comply with current standard. Delivered EXPRESS pretty printer to the standard's ISO committee (TC184/SC4) for use in formatting schemas prior to publication as international standards. Modified code generator to split massive files for improved compiler compatibility and human comprehension. My github includes additional projects.