Bartosz Kowalczyk senior software developer Gdansk, Poland (+48) 883-986-171 bartosz.kowalczyk@feree.net https://github.com/bartosz6 https://linkedin.com/in/bartosz-kowalczyk Lumen, Remote LUMEN Senior Software Developer JUN 2025 - PRESENT microservices / kubernetes / temporal / go / postgres / prometheus grafana / docker / terraform Building an internal platform for a major telecommunications service provider, focused on streamlining network service management and service delivery workflows at scale. The platform exposes well-defined APIs and uses Temporal to orchestrate complex, asynchronous operations reliably. We maintain strong operational visibility with a full observability stack, including OpenTelemetry, Prometheus, Grafana, and Tempo, ensuring performance, traceability, and resilience across distributed services. FORM3 FORM3, Remote Senior Software Developer FINANCIAL CLOUD SEP 2021 - MAY 2025 microservices / kubernetes / nats / terraform / protobuf / cilium / flux / crdb postgres / prometheus / grafana / docker / ddd / tdd / elasticsearch As a Senior Golang Developer at Form3, I work on the core project for UK payment processing, which is the company's main market. I design, develop, and maintain high-performance, scalable, and secure cloud-native payment processing solutions in a fully remote and international environment. I was able to witness and be a part of the transition from startup to scaleup. Our system handles 200 transactions per second at a normal rate, with peaks reaching 1500 transactions per second, processing over 250 million transactions monthly, all while maintaining an SLA of 300ms per transaction. All of this is continuously monitored using Prometheus, Grafana, and Logz.io and supported by on-call rotations through PagerDuty to ensure reliability and quick incident resolution. I agree to the processing of personal data provided in this document for realizing the recruitment process pursuant to the Personal Data Protection Act of 10 May 2018 (Journal of Laws 2018, item 1000) and in agreement with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation) BANCOVO, Remote BANCOVO. Senior Software Developer WYBIERZESZ WŁASCIWIE JULY 2018 - SEP 2021 As a Senior Software Developer at Bancovo, a FinTech startup which I joined at its very early stage and was able to see how it grows over the years. I developed and maintained microservices-based financial systems using .NET, Node.js, and Go. I worked with Kubernetes, hosted on Azure (AKS), to deploy and manage scalable services and used SQL Server for data storage and optimization. For asynchronous communication, I integrated RabbitMQ, ensuring efficient message processing across distributed systems. My role focused on designing resilient architectures, improving system performance, and ensuring the reliability of financial services. AMUN (21shares), Remote (Switzerland) 21shares Software Architect OCTOBER 2018 - JULY 2019 As a Software Architect at Amun, crypto trading startup, I was responsible for designing and developing, from a scratch, the initial version of a microservices-based cryptocurrency trading system using F#, .NET, and Node.js, along with front-end technologies to deliver a seamless user experience. My role involved architecting scalable and resilient backend services, building CI/CD flows on Azure DevOps, creating kubernetes cluster on Azure (AKS), optimizing system performance, and integrating front-end applications with robust backend services to build maintainable, high- performance trading solutions. jetshop JETSHOP, Remote (Sweden) Full Stack NET Developer (SEPTEMBER 2017 - JULY 2018) atena Atena Usługi Informatyczne i Finansowe, Sopot Full Stack .NET Developer (OCTOBER 2016 - SEPTEMBER 2017) NEUCA NEUCA, Torun Full Stack .NET Developer (APRIL 2016 - OCTOBER 2016) LEAWARE Leaware, Torun Full Stack .NET Developer (NOVEMBER 2014 - APRIL 2016) EDUCATION Nicolaus Copernicus University, Torun - Engineer's Degree NICOLAUS COPERNICUS UNIVERSITY APPLIED INFORMATICS IN TORUN - Liquid and gas simulations using Smoothed-particle hydrodynamics (SPH) method