RISHABH KANDWAL Backend Software Engineer Golang Groovy APEX JAVA +91-7728991664 @ rishabhkandwal23@gmail.com https://github.com/rishabhDevWork Dehradun, Uttarakhand, India EDUCATION SUMMARY Bachelor Degree in Information Technology Experienced Backend Software Engineer with a GPA strong focus on GoLang and Java. Proven track Manipal University Jaipur 7.8 / 10 record in developing high-performance backend 2013 2017 Jaipur, India systems, optimizing DB queries, and ensuring the continuous availability of critical APIs. Skilled in XII Percentage API development, Web development, SQL/NoSQL Kendriya Vidyalaya, FRI, Dehradun databases, CI/CD, Salesforce app development 81% / 100 2012 2013 Dehradun (APEX/LWC), Linux, code reviews and Git. Holds a Bachelor's degree in Information Technology and has a passion for continuous learning. Excited to EXPERIENCE join an innovative startup or tech company, driving backend excellence with GoLang and scalable Graphic Designer / C# Dev architectures to power high-impact solutions. Triumb Tech 07/2017 12/2017 Bangalore, KA SKILLS Contributed to the development of mobile-based arcade games. Working with Golang Java Groovy APEX Designed engaging game assets, UI elements, and visual components to enhance player experience. JS LWC SOQL MySQL Developed game mechanics using Unity and C#, ensuring smooth gameplay and performance optimization. Collaborated with experienced unity developers and designers on intial PostgreSQL MongoDB Redis concepts from design, then logic of game mechanic and Atlassian JIRA Git CI/CD Backend Software Engineer(GoLang/Groovy) Eltropy INC BurpSuite PS LINUX JMeter 2018 2024 Bangalore, KA Worked primarily as a backend developer, contributing to the development Salesforce Dev Docker of a CRM system for financial institutions and a messaging platform for transferring client conversations between departments. Developed a microservices-based architecture with GoLang using GoJi PROJECTS and in Groovy using Grails. Integration with different platforms eg - OneDrive, Salesforce, Outlook Task Tracking Application etc. Designed and maintained core databases including Postgres, Redis and https://task-app-go.onrender.com/ MongoDB. A full-stack task management app built with Go Worked on one of the biggest GoLive and traffic intake to the CRM (backend) and React + Vite + TypeScript system for Mitsui-Direct, Japan. (frontend). Worked with multiple Credit-Unions across USA for delivering their The backend uses MongoDB for data persistence, requirements in the messaging app and helping customer success team and the project is deployed on Render. for on boarding these credit unions to our application. Developed Salesforce app called Eltropy Sales Analyzer, worked from Snippet-Box-App dev to passing security reviews and getting the app deployed on https://snippet-box-go.onrender.com/ AppExchange. A web application for sharing snippets of text, built Security testing and performance testing for CRM system APIs using in Go. This project was created as a learning BurpSuite and Jmeter exercise to explore modern web development in Backend Software Engineer(APEX/Salesforce Dev) Go. Clean separation of concerns using Go's True Data Software. net/http standard library 2024 2025 o Remote(Contractual) Secure cookie-based session management Worked on salesforce integration and helping existing clients with their Form validation and error handling managed packages. Supporting client with their salesforce org setup and Middleware for logging, security headers, and creating custom objects. panic recovery Developing solution for triggereing sms/email campaigns for client via Using Turso for cloud based DB and Render for salesforce integration. deployment Collaborated in developing triggers and custom objects for various client requirements. Utilized Agile methodologies to ensure efficient project delivery. Salesforce service cloud integration and setup. www.enhancv.com Powered by Enhancy KEY ACHIEVEMENTS PROJECTS Employee Award at Eltropy Contact Tracing App (Salesforce) Awarded as member of team Japan for large deployment and A Salesforce-based application to help track and customer satisfaction manage potential exposure events during public health situations. Came 4th in Zonal Round in loT wizard organized by ARK It allows recording individuals, logging their Technosolutions & Robokart.com in association with IIT contact interactions, and tracing possible Madras. exposure chains. EMC Academic Associate, Cloud Infrastructure and Services Maintain details of people involved in the Certification. contact tracing process. Record interactions between two or more Regional level Badminton player for Kendriya Vidyalaya individuals. Sangathan Dehradun region. Identify and display possible chains of exposure. Secured AIR- 1689 in NSTSE IN 2011. Quickly find records based on name, location, or date. User-friendly interface built with Salesforce Lightning. www.enhancv.com Powered by Enhancy