Jay Hagar jaythagar@gmail.com I Olympia, WA, USA I linkedin.com/in/jay-t-hagar/ OBJECTIVE Software Engineer with years of experience in infrastructure automation, CI/CD optimization, and container orchestration. Skilled in Python, Bash, and C++ development with a strong focus on creating scalable, reliable systems using DevOps practices and collaborating effectively across teams. EDUCATION 2019 2022 Bachelor of Science in Computer Science University of North Texas, Denton, TX, United States Minor in mathematics WORK EXPERIENCE Sept. 2024 - Present Software Engineer IV, Paycom Payroll LLC Grapevine, TX, USA Implement DevOps practices and maintain API services that enable process automation for Dev workflows Developed and maintained automation scripts in Python, Typescript, and Bash to improve system performance and reduce manual effort. Performed on-call duties to monitor software deployments, manage incidents, and ensure effective communication across teams. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to troubleshoot application issues and optimize performance. March 2024 - Sept. 2024 Team Lead of Software Engineering, Paycom Payroll LLC Grapevine, TX, USA Lead a team of Software engineers to achieve Software goals Coordinated Devs to Implement API to handle automated updates to a remote repository Improved build performance for CI/CD pipelines used on Company platform Worked with other teams to manage implementation of CI/CD with on-prem Kubernetes deployments August 2022 - March 2024 DevOps Software Engineer, Paycom Payroll LLC Grapevine, TX, USA Automated infrastructure management using Docker, Helm, and Kubernetes, enhancing efficiency and reliability of deployments. Guided developers in adopting DevOps practices and containerizing services to streamline development workflows. Performed on-call duties to monitor software deployments, manage incidents, and ensure effective communication across teams. Conducted research and contributed to the adoption of new tools and features SKILLS Skills: Git, Python, Development Operations (DevOps), GitLab, Bash, C/C++, Docker, Go, JavaScript, Kubernetes, Linux/Unix, TypeScript, CI/CD, HTML/CSS