Thomas Craig Burbank, California 91505 +1 737-378-2909 luludreamskyred.red@gmail.com Full Stack Developer Summary Golang Backend Developer with 9 years of extensive experience in enhancing system performance and user engagement. Developed robust backend services capable of supporting over 10,000 concurrent users and successfully migrated legacy systems to modern architectures, resulting in a 15% increase in overall efficiency. Implemented real-time communication features and integrated responsive front-end applications, leading to a 25% increase in user satisfaction and a 30% reduction in user-reported issues. Additionally, through collaborative efforts in automating deployment processes and optimizing cloud infrastructure, significantly boosted application reliability and reduced deployment time by 25%. Professional Experience Aya Health - San Diego, CA Remote, USA Golang & DevOps Engineer-Remote (Contract) 10/2023-10/2025 Architected and implemented new features in a healthcare application, focusing on patient medication scheduling and tracking, leveraging Golang for robust backend services. Maintained and improved the CI/CD pipeline and AWS platform infrastructure, utilizing Infrastructure as Code (laC) principles to ensure stability and scalability. Collaborated with mobile and frontend developers (React Native) to ensure seamless integration and deployment of new features and updates. Enhanced system monitoring and observability by integrating tools like Grafana, providing real-time insights into application performance and health. CoRead - North Carolina Remote, USA Backend Developer-Remote (Contract) 04/2020-03/2022 Developed RESTful APIs using Golang and Java Spring Boot, integrating AWS Lambda for serverless processing and enabling seamless communication with over 10 third-party services, boosting system functionality by 20%. Partnered with frontend teams to build responsive React.js applications while integrating with Spring Boot backend services, improving load times and usability by 20%. Reviewed and refactored codebases in Golang and Java, reducing technical debt by 25% and incorporating Go templating for dynamic content. Automated infrastructure provisioning and deployment using Terraform and Ansible, streamlining application rollouts on GCP and AWS with services like EKS, ECS, and Lambda, improving performance and reliability by 15%. Diagnosed and resolved authentication issues in Spring Security across multiple sites, reducing user-reported issues by 40%. Designed a Golang and Java Spring Boot-based microservices architecture integrated with AWS Lambda, accelerating feature development and cutting time-to-market by 30%. CoinRoutes Miami, FL Django Developer (Contract) 10/2018-09/2019 Supported backend development in Django and Rust, achieving early project completion and boosting team efficiency by 20%. Facilitated migration from legacy PHP and MySQL systems to Django, improving performance of system by building Rust Apps in special high-performance part, improving maintainability and efficiency by 15%. Enhanced user interaction with React.js and jQuery features, raising user satisfaction ratings by 25%. Contributed to code reviews, applying Django best practices that decreased post-deployment bugs by 20%. Assisted with DevOps for Docker-based deployment, reducing deployment time by 25% and enhancing reliability. Collaborated with DevOps on Docker and AWS S3 deployments, reducing deployment time by 25% and increasing reliability. Pandora Oakland, CA Web Developer (Full Time) 08/2015-09/2018 Built and maintained responsive web applications using Node.js, React/React-Native, Express.js and Python/Django, enhancing user experience and engagement, which resulted in a 30% increase in user retention and a 25% improvement in page load times. Coordinated with backend teams to integrate RESTful APIs and systems developed in Java and C#/.NET, optimizing data retrieval and application performance, leading to a 40% reduction in data retrieval times and a 15% increase in overall application efficiency. Applied coding best practices and UI/UX principles using frameworks like Angular, Java, and Python/Django, boosting user satisfaction by 20% based on client feedback. Conducted testing and debugging with tools and frameworks such as JUnit, Selenium, and Pytest, reducing post- launch issues by 30%. Participated in Agile ceremonies while implementing features in Node.js, NET Core, and Django, reducing project completion time by 20% through streamlined team collaboration and workflow. Created detailed documentation for application features and APIs built in Node.js, Django, and Spring Boot, improving onboarding for new team members by 50%, which facilitated faster integration into the development process and reduced training time. Education Bachelor of Science (B.S.), 2015 - Computer Science Aug 2011 - May 2015 University of California, Santa Barbara Skills Web Frameworks - Gin, Echo, Beego, Fiber, Buffalo, Kratos, Iris, Revel, Kit, Gocraft, Django, Flask, FastAPI, Falcon, Pyramid, Express, Socket.IO, jQuery DevOps - Docker, Pulumi, Kubernetes, GitHub Actions, GitLab CI, Jenkins, Prometheus, Grafana, CloudWatch, ELK Stack (Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana), AWS, Google Cloud Platform(GCP), Terraform / Ansible Database - GORM, Ent, Oracle, Cassandra, DocumentDB, PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB, Redis, RocksDB, Rust — Axum, Rocket, Actix Web, Warp, Poem, Pingora, Loco, Tokio, Gotham, Thruster Others — gRPC, RESTful APIs, GraphQL, RabbitMQ, Kafka, Kong, AWS API Gateway, Testify & GoMock, Swagger/OpenAPI, OAuth2/OpenID Programming Languages — Go(Golang), Rust, JavaScript, Python, Java, C/C++, C#, NET Methodologies — Agile, SDLC, Scrum, Kanban