Caiten White 360-326-5013 caiten.white@gmail.com linkedin.com/in/caiten-white-47384584, Vancouver, WA, USA Objective: Software Engineer (Mid-level), Devops Engineer, Backend Engineer, Infrastructure Engineer Skills Polyglot who has worked professionally with Golang, Ruby on Rails, Python, and bash scripting. Managed a bespoke Kubernetes platform and performed troubleshooting using kubectl. Experience with CICD improvement through Terraform integration and writing Github Actions. Work experience Software Engineer Eliassen Group, Vancouver WA (Remote) 05/2024 - 09/2025 Contract role with Apple supporting internal infrastructure and server availability. Migrated team documentation to Github; researched best practices for technical writing and documentation to improve team habits. Primary developer of internal Cobra CLI tool to automate tasks related to host management. Lead project planning and formed a roadmap for desired features. Tool streamlines process for adding new hardware to reduce human error and developer toil by generating location-based hostnames, IPv4 addresses, and exporting results to CSV files. Software Engineering MTS Heroku, Vancouver WA (Remote) 06/2021 - 03/2024 Leading PaaS and Salesforce subsidiary. Developed on Heroku's bespoke Kubernetes platform that powers Salesforce Functions. Created runbooks and documentation to prepare for GA of the product. Wrote operators for custom K8s resources on the platform Extended telemetry with new Prometheus metrics Headed a multi-team documentation project on authentication management. Initiated a new process for async collaboration with EMEA coworkers. Software Engineer New Relic, Portland OR 06/2019 - 05/2021 Real-time monitoring tool that provides full-stack observability. Maintained and iterated on in-house Ruby on Rails software for provisioning datacenter hardware. Developed on a Terraform-Atlantis CICD pipeline to run terraform plan through Github. Redesigned the team's telemetry dashboards and updated alert definitions. Reduced toil and hero load across multiple teams by taking over interruptive and routine work, with the goal of improving automation and documentation where possible to create a self-service experience. Technical Support Engineer New Relic, Portland OR 10/2016 - 06/2019 Specialized technical support for a real-time monitoring tool that provides full-stack observability. Provided support for customers needing account and partnership assistance, triaged incoming tickets to the appropriate teams, and completed tickets pertaining to a wide variety of products. Received a peer recognition award for my performance and communication during service interruptions. Redesigned the bug escalation process for the Alerts product. Technology Support Coordinator Lewis & Clark College, Portland OR 10/2014 - 09/2016 Coordinator for the IT Support Desk serving students, staff, and faculty of the undergraduate campus. Served as the assistant manager and primary trainer for all student employees. Took ownership of a project for implementing new A/V checkout software, including researching vendors, planning and executing the transition, and developing training materials. Education Bachelors in Biology, Lewis & Clark College