CURRICULUM VITAE Personal Ryan Broock Caral details 03, August 1988, London ul. Okólna 23/1, 32-085 Modlniczka tel. +48 505 421 004 ryanbroock1988@gmail.com Education 2011-2013 Universidad de La Laguna - English Philology 2006-2008 Universidad de La Laguna - English Philology Experience November 2022 - NA Procurement Operations Team Leader in Kimberly- Until now Clark EMEA GBS Leading a team of 11 Buyers to execute and maintain high standards during high-volume, fast-paced operations. Leading and directing team members on daily work direction, effective methods, operations and procedures. Ensuring SLAs & KPIs are met. along with career development growth. Providing performance feedback and career counselling. Making sure all our Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) exist for all in-scope processes and are updated as procedures change. Highly involved in discussions and project/improvement initiatives. Build and maintain a close relationship with key business partners (e.g., Procurement managers, Plant managers, Category Managers, Internal Controls). Preparing and/or contributing to the preparation of key business partner materials and presentations to effectively communicate procurement transactional processes, related metric performance and identify opportunities and challenges. North America Procurement Operations Senior Analyst in Kimberly-Clark EMEA GBS November 2019 - November 2022 Ensuring the highest procurement quality for NA was not only maintained for a smooth transition but improved. Implementing process improvements, analysing and evaluating current methods as a Subject Matter Expert - connected to my Leadership traits made the implementations possible. Closely working with Stakeholders (internal and external). Negotiating pricing and business conditions with our suppliers for an ideal sourcing strategy. Reviewing contracts from suppliers and strongly negotiating the terms and conditions. Creating PO's and supporting with invoice review when required. December 2018 - One Source Purchasing Specialist for US Market in November 2019 PerkinElmer Supervise and conduct contracts for clients, including renewals. Establish relationships with stakeholders to obtain relevant contract details and negotiate terms of engagement. Prepare RFQ's based on our clients' needs, negotiate for discounts. Ensure correctness and completeness of contract information and data. Keep track of contract renewal dates and ensure they are renewed before it can expire. October 2017 - Transport Planner Specialist for Spanish Market in ABB December 2018 Implementation support of Spanish business for go-live with all Spanish LBU's. Coordinating utilization of equipment and ensuring a high level of service and cost-effective movement of goods for the customer; Optimizing ABB transports considering cost, service (lead time requirements) and other planning parameters, such as monitoring milestones. All in a fast-paced environment with constant changes and demands from both client and LBU's; Very involved with customs activities when shipping to/from non-EU countries; Introduced new carriers to the business who had not been considered at first; Provided SAP & EF (Eyefreight) trainings to colleagues. Very familiar with these platforms; Won the GBS recognition program for the best worker of our department for Q1. May 2017 - October 2017 One Source Purchasing Specialist for US Market in PerkinElmer Coordinating purchasing activities. Creating Purchase Orders in SAP for Service Contracts and demand. Cost saving/avoidance such as credits, negotiated discounts, reduced or eliminated charges and other savings which lowered the program cost. Recommended cost saving proposals including alternative sourcing; Reviewed, processed and approved Vendor invoices for payment. August 2016-May - 2017 Customer Care Specialist in PerkinElmer Committed to customers, building a trustworthy relationship. Engaging personality, active cooperation with business partners; effective working methods, good communication skills. Skills Learn2Lead Academy 2022 - Kimberly-Clark leadership program - Completed L6S - Lean Six Sigma Yellow Belt (proficiency in leadership qualities, technical skills and quality competencies). Supply Chain Management . Supplier Relationship Management . English . Spanish . English to Spanish Planning . process improvement . Agile Methodologies . Troubleshooting . Team Management . Leadership . Procurement . Global Logistics . Competent skills for SAP, CRM, Microsoft Office, Outlook, Eyefreight, Microsoft Excel, ServiceNow, Coupa Languages English Native, mother tongue Spanish Native, mother tongue French Pre-Intermediate, written and spoken Polish A2 level, written and spoken Interests Literature, history, supply chain, cinema, travelling, languages.