ADRIEN SERET Adresse: 225 Chemin des Ames du Purgatoire, 06600 Antibes (France) Telephone: +33 7 49 71 75 94 Date of birth: 22/02/1988 E-mail: adrienseret@outlook.com Nationality: French Passionate about the client's experience, I am confident and reliable with a proactive approach to problem solving. My previous professional experiences was providing high quality technical support and analysis to make sure that the voice of the customer is heard in the company. I can lead projects from beginning to end and have excellent interpersonal skills. I'm comfortable using and learning multiple systems and advanced in Microsoft & Google suites. WORK EXPERIENCE Smart Global Governance (France) (March 2023 to now) Manager of the Customer Success team - Europe Operation and process management Create internal Customer Success processes, define KPIs and long term projects. Help building company global and operational processes. Client portfolio management Organise every steps of a free demo with the commercial team, plan and conduct onboardings, plan initial and regular training depending on the client's needs. Make regular calls to ensure the customer is satisfied with the solution. Evaluate their needs, offer relevant existing services (up-sell & cross-sell), propose internal improvements to relevant solutions, detect any risk of termination. Provide technical support, coordinate escalations, guarantee rapid and satisfactory resolution. Team management Ensure that team members understand and apply the processes. Monitor results, respond to points of difficulty and propose points for improvement LiveSmart (France) 1 year (January 2022 to January 2023) Consultant: Client Services Operations Manager - France Drive development of the French market: Develop processes and workflows for France, identifying specificities of the recently launched French market while trying to align to existing ones from the UK everywhere else possible. Ensure all operational and logistical aspects for any project in France. Design and keep up to date user journeys Ensure client project success, satisfaction, and renewal: Handle all queries & communication, from B2B (partners, distributors, clients) to B2C (end users). Monitor each step of the project, track progress, and gather clients and users feedbacks Prepare reports and presentations for internal and external reviews. Follow up with clients afterwards for renewals. Maintain constant communication with our Tech teams to report issues and track any outstanding ones. Conduct quality assurance by reviewing user journeys and app changes implemented by the Tech team. Acast (London, U.K.) 1 year (January 2020 to December 2020) Customer Success Manager Onboardings: Create or import new or existing podcast account - Gather information, communicate with external teams and track progress with Trello or Monday.com. Constantly improve and update onboarding documentation. - Communicate progress to podcasters. - Created dedicated onboarding process for national BBC network (personal project). Technical and customer service support - Answer client queries and feedback on Intercom (from individual podcasters to national networks). - Proactively create Standard Responses, automated-emails and Help Articles. - Internal communication with multiple international teams through Slack, or escalation through Clubhouse. - Identify up-sell and cross-sell opportunities, help driving high retention and low churn rate. Implement of NPS (personal project) - Compare, contact and negotiate pricing with selected NPS partners (Wootric). - Integrate NPS outbound within Intercom. - Create documentation for Customer Success team as well as surveys content and follow-up templates. - Work with Data team to create NPS Dashboard on Looker and make it widely available. Uniqlo (London, U.K.) 3 years and 7 months (May 2016 to December 2019) Overview of the outsourced Customer Service agency for all European markets - Help to prepare capacity plan and training material. - Analyse Customer service KPIs daily, prepare daily plan and send it back to the agency. - Constantly reviewing Customer Services workflows and templates. - Review C-Sat and CS agents performance and provide feedback and methods for improvement. - Daily analysis on quality assurance, checking through CS agent's work, flagging any errors, providing short and long term solutions and report trends to Customer Services management. - Ensure that communication between the head office, warehouse and outsourced CS is efficient. Reporting back to the business - Creation of an Excel dashboard to track Top Contact Drivers for all EU markets - Report on KPIs to E-com on a weekly basis, explaining results, trends, and actions taken. - Constant communication with physical stores to ensure all processes are clear and up to date. - Report on a monthly basis to E-com and Logistics based on Top Contact Drivers, NPS and C-Sat explain action taken. Define and follow-up on long-term action plans. - Presentation of monthly meeting based on customer product reviews (top & lowest ranked items) to E-com and Merchandising team. Report outcome to the production team in Japan. - Use of different analytical, sales, payment and customer reviews systems (SAP, Demandware, Smart Focus, Bazaarvoice, Tableau, etc.) Sitel for Walt Disney (London, U.K.) 1 year and 8 months (September 2014 to May 2016) Team Supervisor (quality monitoring) Help to recruit and interview new agents. Monitor calls, emails, and social media to ensure that the team provides excellent customer service. Maintenance of the Disneystore's e-reputation, on Facebook (1.8M followers) Provide individual feedback to each agent and methods for improvement. Report trends to business on a daily and weekly basis. Monthly calibration meetings to ensure all targets are met. EDUCATION BTEC Higher National Diploma in sales management at GPEI- Antibes 2010 Catering BTEC National Diploma at Paul Augier Secondary school - Nice 2008 SKILLS Languages: French (Fluent - mother tongue) & English (Fluent) CRM / Ticketing: SAP, Oracle, Intercom, Sales Force, Zendesk, Zoho, etc. Organisational: Microsoft 365 (Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook, Teams), Google Suite (Docs, Sheets, Slides, Forms, Drive), Slack, Trello, Click-up, Monday.com, Notion, etc.. References available on request.