Generoso Carmando Customer Service Team Leader WORK EXPERIENCE 2019 - Present Booking.com Customer Service Center (Tourcoing, France) - Team Leader Managing the Operations and Quality of my team (12 to 15 agents): KPI's attainment, training, coaching, compliance with company procedures and security protocols. genecarma1@gmail.com Responsible for my team's daily operations: onboarding new hires, probation period +33(0)7 47 98 18 decision, assisting quarterly calibration meetings for performance management, bi- Tourcoing, France weekly 1 to 1's and team meetings, creating and following performance improvement plans and development plans. Born: 18/06/1986 Ambassador for the site for Tableau (internal KPI tool). Member of project team validating the monthly payroll file for the site (overtime and premiums). Skills 2015 - 2019 - Consulcesi Group (Tirana, Albania) - Account Manager Team Management Managing the Operations and Quality of a team of 20/25 consultants: responsible for Fraud and investigation training, coaching, and compliance with company procedures. Responsible for the team's daily operations: recruiting and onboarding new hires, Training and coaching probation period decision, team meetings, creating performance improvement and Problem solving and development plans decision making Weekly meeting with Company Leadership Team (reporting updates on the workload, Customer Service expertise projects, and KPIs achievement) Shift coordinator to ensure Chat channel coverage from 8am to 8pm everyday planning agent monthly shift based on internal forecast Education Responsible for updating the Chat tool, weekly meeting to test and improve the Chat tool and service to high standard 2000-2006: IT and business Diploma 2014-2015 - Teleperformance Int.-eBay Inc. (Tirana, Albania) - Quality and Performance Coordinator for eBay Customer Service Italy Quality Manager and Coordinator for 4 Quality - 2 Trainers and quality responsible of Languages 145 Agents. Responsible for creating training material. Analysis of data and feedbacks from customers in order to recommend changes in English management and procedures. Italian Reference point for the launching project of the "coaching model" for eBay partner sites (Morocco, Portugal, and Spain). French OOO 2011-2014 - - eBay Inc. International (Dublin, Ireland) - Fraud and Security Spanish OOO Quality Assurance & Coach (2013-2014): fraud and risk expert, support agents to achieve company KPI objectives and standards, weekly reports agents on quality/productivity on fraud cases, weekly global calibration meetings with managers Interests and coaches on the coaching used Trainer, learning and development specialist (2012-2013) training new hires in eBay's Football (Italian 4th division Fraud and Security department, updating training material based of changes in 2003 - 2005), travelling, processes/rules, organizing department update meetings, weekly EMEA calibration crime and investigation, meetings around training methods. Fraud Agent (2011 - 2012): Investigate Fraud & Risk complex cases to avoid monetary history. losses to eBay and users. Point of reference for escalations from multiple eBay's departments.