SALES MANAGER Wissal Fareh I'm wissal fareh 27, a sales manager with solid experience in customer account management and negotiations, | aim to improve customer satisfaction and contribute to the company's sales objectives. Passionate about building lasting relationships, | seek to use my communication skills and my ability to understand customer needs to foster the exponential growth and unparalleled success of the company that entrusts me. CONTACT SKILLS QUALITIES Distribution network Team spirit 0783255601 management Good interpersonal skills Microsoft Office Analytical skills farehwissal21@gmail.com Microsoft 365 CRM Curious Project management Negotiation 5 belvèdere des martinets 94410 Customer relations PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE QUALIFICATIONS Customer and administration manager Project management and business The Buyer I Paris- ACTUAL engineering, Master 2 By INSEEC Carrying out customer audits. 09/2020 - 08/2022 Sales prospecting in the field and identification of new sales opportunities and converting them into tangible results. Project and innovation management, Master 1 Customer follow-up and optimization of customer satisfaction. La sorbonne, Paris 09/2020 - 08/2021 Ensure diligent follow-up with delinquent customers. Negotiation of diffrent product prices with suppliers. Corporate Finance, Master 2 ESFC Business development manager france and export 09/2015 Tamplo / Puteaux I 09/2022 Oamplo Master's degree in English, Certificate Administrative back office: quotations, invoicing, order entry. ULC Generate inbound and outbound leads by implementing a B2B online 09/2019 - 08/2020 and offline customer acquisition strategy, sales activation. Participation in various types of events. Scheduling appointments with customers for demonstrations: LANGUAGES software presentation and development of a sales pitch to highlight the solution benifits. Solution configuration and training in project management and English C2 workflow automation. Customer satisfaction monitoring, survey of new needs, French C2 preparation of appropriate offers. Arabic Natal language EA OF INTEREST Supplier relations manager Autodistribution Group PHE/Arcueil/ 09/2021 - 08/2022 autodistribution Sport Manage purchasing performance by setting up dashboards Dance to monitor product and service quality, stock levels and Music sales data. KPI performance analysis. Monitor supplier contracts. Participation in the launch of a new product range. Negotiate with suppliers (quantity, price, lead time). Drawing up technical data sheets for tools and equipment and preparing promotions. Implementation of a digital communication strategy to improve visibility and positioning on the web. Account executive B2B Orange/09/2018 - 08/2020 orange Drawing up sales prospecting plans. Promotion of products, their features and benefits. Drafting of sales proposals. Conduct customer meetings. Analyzing technical problems to propose appropriate solutions. Developing professional network by participating in relevant events and forums. Customer success manager Unilever/09/2016 - 08/2017 Handle customer payments (cheques, cash, credit cards), issue receipts. Validate and correctly apply coupons and promotional discounts. Promote brand services: loyalty cards, gift cards, payment facilities. Process returns and refunds in accordance with store policies. Work closely with other departments, such as logistics, marketing and production, to ensure effective coordination in customer relationship management. Carry out day-to-day transactions: register purchases, collect cash, issue invoices. Manage customer communication channels, including social media, e-mail, phone calls.