SANDRA My love of video games started late, with Ragnarok Online, when I was 22. By then I'd already been working for 6 years, and there was no diploma that could open the door for me to work in this field. I continued to nurture my passion and then tried my luck in 2005 by applying for a Game Master position at Blizzard. GALLOIS My in-depth knowledge of the game and its community, as well as my seriousness and enthusiasm, enabled me to finally get my foot in the door of the video game industry. Since then, I've been an exemplary and loyal employee, always striving to improve to meet the needs and expectations of my teams. Thanks to my natural skills, such as my ability to work under pressure while adapting to needs, as well as my ability to analyse and solve problems, I've managed to progress professionally and personally, in a variety of fields, always linked to video games. Self-taught, I'm always open to learning and I give 100% to continuing to work in this field that I've loved for over 20 years. 06.14.68.84.06 Professional Adventures DON'T NOD - France sandra.gallois.80@gmail.com QA Tester On Banishers: Ghost of New Eden 36 rue de la héronnerie 2024 Test, Reports creation, bug regression 77140 Nemours Work in close collaboration with the Devs teams - 2022 (Gpp,GD,LD,UI/UX,Enviro,.) Create test and management documents for the team General skills Assist the team Lead with the organisation of the tasks and communications between teams. Organization Autonomy KEYWORDS - Madrid/France Management Team Lead Customer support multi-projects for different clients Self-taugh 2022 Plan, organize and optimize resources - Train and supervise agents Technical skills 2017 Track and bill shift hours JIRA & Confluence Create optimization documents for the management Google Workspace Control the quality og agent's work and set up 1vl Microsoft Suite POC (Point of contact) between the client and the teams Canva/Photoshop GAMELOFT - Madrid Helpshift & Zendesk QA Coordinatoor for multiple games Language 2017 Point of contact between external client & internal teams - Create QA test documents English 2016 Imprement new procedures between QA, Dev and Customer Support teams French Test and report bugs with JIRA Reference AERIA GAMES I GAMIGO - Berlin Product Coordinatoor on Aura Kingdom Antony Salva 2016 Ensurie compliance with delivery dates and procedures imposed Lead QA DON'T NOD by the Dev studio 2013 Tel: 06.79.58.86.90 Assist the Producer with various management and production tasks Create test, planning and training documents Suggest soulutions to the Dev studio to improve their tools(GN Tool, Goldtracking, Debug menu, ...) HOBBIES Suggest in-game content that fit our community Translate, test and report bugs BLIZZARD ENTERTAINEMENT - France/Irlande Game Master on World of Warcraft 2012 Respond to online, telephone and email enquiries for in-game, K-Pop 2005 account billing or technical issues Report bugs to our our internal team