Mouaataz Ariouat Customer Service Supervisor +61 416788406 mouataz.ariouat@gmail.com www.linkedin.com/in/mouaataz-ariouat-59bab565 Punchbowl, Sydney Profile Summary Experienced team leader with a demonstrated history of working in customer service industry. Committed to excellence, Attitude toward work, effective communication, Build good relations with others, and judgment. Experience Customer Service Supervisor Qatar Airways (Full-time) Jun2021-August 2023 Analysing team reports to identify training areas that are needed to improve team performance Organizing workflow and ensuring that employees understand their duties and tasks Monitoring staff productivity and providing constructive feedback and coaching Train existing and new joiners on Qatar Airways products, policies and procedures Handles customer calls that have been escalated by customer service agents to solve the passenger issues Generates and maintains necessary reports as requested Provides floor presence to check and assist staff whenever required and guide the staff through complex situations Ensures fraud checks are completed as required. Supervises shift personnel in daily operations, upsell products & services Evaluates calls and shares feedback with agents Identifies system and workflow improvements to enhance the team's efficiency Website: www.qatarairways.com Lead Social Media Agent Qatar Airways (Full-time) Sep2017-Jun2021 Acting as a product knowledge expert to the general public for general inquiries about Qatar Airways product & services. Delivering five-star Customer Service to Qatar Airways customers through Social Media platforms (such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, blogs, etc.) Responsible to monitor social media posts directed at (or about) Qatar Airways from customers or the general public by using a bespoke Social Media Customer Care platform. Reviewing the received posts and discussions, identify consumer intent to then directly respond or refer posts to the suitable internal business units. Assist in the implementation of new products. Monitor Qatar Airways social media official business page (Face book, Twitter, Instagram) and engage in live social conversations to elevate and protect brand reputation. Maintaining a working knowledge of company products to effectively communicate with customers Attending social media-related meetings as required to represent the company. Creating and maintaining strong relationships with company partners and external stakeholders. Staying informed on social media trends, innovations, and changes. Website: www.qatarairways.com Customer Service Representative Qatar Airways (Full-time) Jul2015-Sep2017 Respond to customer queries over the telephone, email. Assisting customers to make bookings, rebooking flights, and processing purchases via phones. Sell, up-sell and cross sell Qatar Airways products and services Responsible for minimizing payment fraud by screening the credit card payments received for Internet and Call Centre transactions and increasing sales. Handle complaints and ensure that customer satisfaction is optimized in every interaction. Maintain and generate reports as required Complete fraud prevention checks Make outbound calls to customers to provide information as and when it is required. Ensuring that customer satisfaction is optimized in every interaction. Provide support to E-commerce and Frequent Flyer Program activities. Project Assistant British Council (Full-time) Nov2014-Jan2015 Assisting in planning, evaluating, executing the English language projects set in Algeria Raising Purchase order, Travel request, Travel claims, Good receive using SAP Issuing and editing reports and letters. Preparation and follow-up of meetings and presentations. Coordinating logistics for execution of project activities Organizing meetings with project stakeholders Participating in monitoring project's progress Keeping records of the ongoing project activities Translate documents from English/French and French/English languages. Website: https://www.britishcouncil.dz/en Trainings - Amadeus and ARD (Altea Reservation Desktop) systems-Qatar Airways. - Communication-Sales: Qatar Airways. - Effective Email Workshop: Qatar Airways. - E-commerce: Qatar Airways. - Handling passengers with disabilities: Qatar Airways - Telephone enquiry centre: Qatar Airways - Fraud risk Awareness: Qatar Airways - Safety management system: Qatar Airways Education October 2006 - July 2010: University of Algiers 3. Bachelor's in Communication and Public Relation. Others: Microsoft Office, MS Word, Power Point, SAP, Explorer, ability to work with diverse people at all levels of the organization. Reference contacts Full name: Mohammed Gamal Position: Customer service Manager Organization: Qatar Airways Contacts: Email mgsaeed@gmail.com Phone +974 50923292 Full name: Osama Abuzaid Position: Customer service officer Organization: Qatar Airways Contacts: Email fahmiosama@gmail.com Phone +974 33070316