Viktoriia Filenko Head of Customer Success and Onboarding CONTACT PROFILE Experienced manager with a solid track record of success spanning 7+ years in Address the hotel industry. Strong customer service and project management knowledge, Rue du Stade 81, 1630 Bulle, as well as the ability to effectively maintain connection with clients while assisting Fribourg, Switzerland them in carrying out a variety of activities from the time they are first conceived Phone all the way through to the point where they are successfully completed. Capable of continually exceeding stakeholder expectations by utilizing superior strategic +41794626614 planning, communication, and project coordinating skills. Email ViktoriiaFilenko3103@gmail.com in LinkedIn COMPETENCIES Viktoriia Filenko Excellent leadership and organizational skills. Driving License Energetic natural activator, with excellent interpersonal and communication skills. Class B Highly motivated and detail oriented. Efficient in handling all the clerical work and strong computer experience with EDUCATION a working knowledge of CRM Systems (Mystique), PMS (OPERA) and Project Management Tools. Proven ability to maintain the highest service standards, cleanliness, safety and professionalism with customers. July 2014 - December 2015 Demonstrated creativity in overcoming challenges and ensuring POST GRADUATE DIPLOMA IN implementation to continuously improve guest satisfaction results. HOSPITALITY ADMINISTRATION Glion Institute of Higher Education, Switzerland EXPERIENCE September 2010 - June 2014 BACHELOR DEGREE MarketJoy I United States 04/2023 Present Kyiv National Economic University, Ukraine HEAD OF CUSTOMER SUCCESS AND 02/2024 - Present Thesis: Organizational Structure of a Hotel ONBOARDING Formulate customer success strategies aligned with the company's objectives and customer needs. LANGUAGES Oversee the enhancement of the onboarding process to ensure smooth transitions for new clients, minimizing churn rates and maximizing satisfaction. Implement best practices and standard operating procedures (SOPs) to English : Native streamline onboarding processes and ensure consistency. Set clear performance goals and objectives for team members, regularly French : Intermediate reviewing performance and providing constructive feedback. Schedule regular check-in calls or meetings with key stakeholders to review Spanish : Basic progress and address any issues. Track and report on key performance indicators (KPIs) related to customer onboarding, retention, and satisfaction. Russian, Ukrainian : Mother tongue Collaborate with the product team to develop training materials and resources for new customers. EXPERIENCE CLIENT EXPERIENCE AND QUALITY MANAGER 10/2023 - 02/2024 Implemented and monitored quality assurance processes to ensure consistent delivery of high-quality services to clients. Developed and executed strategic initiatives to enhance client experience and retention. Generated additional revenue streams by identifying upselling opportunities and implementing cross-selling strategies. Successfully negotiated contract renewals with key clients, maintaining strong relationships and driving business growth. Built and maintained strong relationships with key clients, serving as their primary point of contact for all service-related matters. Cultivated a team effort among employees, express, model, and reinforce company goals and objectives daily. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to develop and implement client-centric initiatives, aligning service delivery with customer needs and expectations. CUSTOMER SUCCESS COORDINATOR 04/2023 - Present Generated market research to identify business trends, provided business updates to existing clients, and conducted customer feedback in order to discover potential areas of improvement. Play a critical role in maintaining long-term relationships with clients. Provide regular reports and updates to senior management on client success metrics and team performance. Serve as the main point of contact for clients, addressing their inquiries and concerns promptly and effectively. Developed and implemented strategies to proactively identify and address potential issues with challenging clients, providing personalized support to meet their requirements. Achieved revenue targets by developing and implementing effective sales strategies. Managed other teams of customer success managers, sharing best practices and providing guidance on complex customer issues. Coordinated with other departments to ensure the customer success team was aligned with company objectives and priorities. The Ritz Carlton Hotel de la Paix Geneva, Switzerland EVENT MANAGER 12/2022 - 02/2023 Managed event budgets, negotiated contracts and developed marketing strategies to promote events, resulting in increased revenue and customer satisfaction. Conducted post-event evaluations and gathered feedback from clients and attendees, identifying areas of improvement and implementing changes for future events. Ensure building policies, rules, and regulations are followed during events. Collaborated with vendors, catering teams, and hotel personnel to ensure timely set-up and breakdown of event spaces, decorations and audio-visual equipment. Coordinated various hotel events, including weddings, corporate meetings, and social gatherings, ensuring seamless execution and guest satisfaction. CIENCE Technologies CA, United States 05/2019 - 11/2022 ACCOUNT MANAGER TEAM LEAD 08/2021 - 11/2022 Lead and manage a team of five project managers, providing guidance, coaching, and support to ensure successful project delivery. Coordinated project meetings and provided status updates to stakeholders, resulting in improved communication and alignment across the organization. Communicate project status, progress, and issues with stakeholders and team members. Develop and maintain strong relationships with clients and partners, ensuring that their needs are met and that expectations are exceeded. ACCOUNT MANAGER 09/2020 - 06/2021 Identify and mitigate project risks, and develop contingency plans. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure project success. Ensure project deliverables meet quality standards and customer expectations. Conducted post-project evaluations to assess outcomes and identify areas for improvement in future projects. CUSTOMER SUCCESS MANAGER 05/ 2020 - 08/2020 Stay up-to-date with project management best practices and industry trends. Provided post-launch support, including customer onboarding, platform user training, and end-user support. Develop and implement customer success strategies and processes to improve customer satisfaction and retention. Generated market research to identify business trends, provided business updates to existing clients, and conducted customer feedback in order to dscover potentiel areas of improvement.