Angel Bermudez Digne-les-Bains, Provence-Alpes-Cote d'Azur, France angelbermudez@gmail.com +330613991153 in/hestimadohamigo SUMMARY I am a results-driven professional with over 9 years of experience in customer service and technical support. Throughout my career, I've earned accolades for maximizing customer satisfaction through innovative service initiatives and dynamic team leadership. In my current role as an IT Helpdesk Analyst at Littelfuse, I excel in troubleshooting hardware and software issues, collaborating on cross-functional projects, and contributing to process improvement. Previously, I served as the Customer Support Supervisor for PageFly Landing Page App at Shopify, leading a team in solving technical issues with CSS, JS, & Liquid, analyzing performance metrics, and providing resources to achieve goals. EXPERIENCE Information Technology Help Desk Analyst Littelfuse February 2023 - Present, Francia Remote Responding promptly to IT support requests from end-users, addressing hardware and software issues with efficiency. Collaborating with users to provide clear instructions and guidance on problem resolution, ensuring a positive customer experience. Managing and prioritizing a ticketing system to handle a diverse range of IT issues, maintaining accurate and up-to-date records. Conducting system and network analysis to identify and resolve issues affecting overall IT performance. Collaborating with IT teams to escalate complex problems and participate in cross-functional projects. Providing end-user training on IT systems and applications to enhance overall user proficiency. Contributing to the development and improvement of IT support processes and documentation. Customer Support Supervisor PageFly - Shopify Advanced Page Builder September 2020 - February 2023, Hanoi, Hanoi, Vietnam - Remote Oversee employees and solve technical issues with CSS, JS & Liquid. Analyze statistics and other data to determine the level of customer service performance achieved by the team and provided them with the resources needed to reach their goals. Oversee daily operations and manage a team of customer service representatives that assist PageFly clients via live chat and phone conversations. Deliver high standard of customer service by designing and conducting new hire training, remedial training, and new process training. Earn best support operator for 15 months in a row. This award is based on the number of five-star reviews received from PageFly customers during support sessions. Social Media Manager Poloniex June 2020 - April 2022, Singapore, Singapore - Remote Boosted engagement, site traffic, and followers by implementing a social media marketing strategy with clear objectives for an active cryptocurrency company. Oversaw community engagement; build and manage the company's social media profiles and presence, including Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn. Maximized results by creating benchmarks for measuring the impact of social media programs, while analyzing, reviewing, and reporting on effectiveness of campaigns. Earned Community Manager of the Month three times by customers. Developed and led a support squad initiative on Twitter, increasing response times by 40% and improving customer satisfaction ratings by 25% within six months, utilizing Hootsuite for streamlined management and analytics. Developed and implemented a social media strategy for the customer success squad, resulting in a 30% increase in engagement rates and a 25% rise in customer satisfaction scores within six months, utilizing Hootsuite and Google Analytics for scheduling and performance tracking. Senior IT Support Specialist Antorcha TV April 2012 - January 2018, Apr 2012 - Jan 2018 5 yrs 10 mos Install and manage computer based systems Specify and facilitate the purchase of hardware and software for the department Educates end users regarding computer and software operations, Performs basic network troubleshooting for routine issues. Makes Managed a team of 5 IT support technicians to improve incident resolution time by 50% and enhance customer satisfaction scores through deploying a new ticketing system and implementing structured troubleshooting protocols. Content Creator Freelancer September 2016 - September 2016, Sep 2016 - Sep 2016 1 mo Wrote an array of web, mobile-based and print articles, reviews, and communication briefings for e-magazines, newsletters, and blogs. Delivered completed projects under strict deadlines by prioritizing workflow and managing schedules. Produced original, creative content for promotional advertisment and marketing materials. Developed a comprehensive series of 50+ finance-related educational videos over 6 months, utilizing Adobe Premiere Pro and After Effects, which resulted in an 80% increase in subscriber engagement and a 40% growth in channel revenue. Developed a series of 20 engaging articles and multimedia content on accounting concepts, increasing website traffic by 35% over six months and utilizing SEO tools such as Ahrefs and SEMrush. EDUCATION Diploma of higher Education in Service design, Business, Management, Marketing, and Related Support Services Xamk - South-Eastern Finland University of Applied Sciences January 2021 Maintenance Engineering Degree Gran Mariscal de Ayacucho University . 2016 SKILLS Industry Knowledge: Customer Service Representatives, Network Security, Customer Service, Time Management, Engineering, Customer Experience, Technical Support, Project Management, Presentations, Customer Satisfaction, Customer Retention, Customer Experience Management, Complaint Handling, Written Communication, Service Delivery Management, Quality Assurance, Customer Loyalty, Computer Literacy, Customer Needs Assessment, Customer Service Management Interpersonal Skills: Team Leadership, Communication, Strategy, Dispute Resolution, Creativity Skills, Creative Problem Solving, Oral Communication, Liderazgo, Gestión, Manager