A professional with 10 years of experience, including 7 years in startups, across diverse sectors, I bring an Jeremy CAMP analytical and rational approach to optimize organizational processes and costs. I am independent and rigorous, and I enjoy creating and implementing new ways of collaborating that have an immediate impact. I easily integrate into new work environments, thanks to a genuine team spirit and excellent listening and Personal Info communication skills. Email Work History jry_camp@proton.me 08/2021 Phone CEO 0659600397 present Zeeloft, Paris Address Definition and implementation of the company's global strategy. 289 Avenue Georges Clémenceau Definition and monitoring of annual budgets, business plans, and cash flow forecasts 92000 Nanterre Search for sources of funding (loans, grants, investors). Management and negotiation of strategic partnerships. Date of birth Reporting to investors and management of investor relations. 05/06/1987 Identification and exploitation of growth opportunities (optimization of acquisition channels, retention). Optimization and monitoring of performance indicators and commercial/operational Skills processes Management of operationnal business units (customer service, business development, Strategic planning marketing) Financial planning 03/2018 COO 07/2021 Operational improvements Zeeloft, Paris Management Management and optimization of the supply chain and associated costs. Management and optimization of customer service processes (customer relations, after- Corporate Governance sales service, disputes). Management of the product catalog and optimization of the online publishing process. Languages Management and optimization of purchasing and invoice tracking. Review and optimization of the shipping fee strategy. Management of relationships with partner brands and suppliers, logistics service French (native) providers, and the graphic design studio. English (bilingual) 12/2015 Head of Support 12/2017 Orah, Paris Definition and implementation of Orah's customer service strategy. Definition and monitoring of support activity KPIs. Support team management (France, US) Review and adaptation of support processes to the evolution of the product offering and the increase in activity. Optimization of operational efficiency through continuous improvement of support processes. Implementation of onboarding processes to improve prospect conversion and product adoption by customers. Development of the Orah knowledge base. 08/2012 Consultant 12/2015 Altran, Paris Coordination of the Monthly Profit and Loss Account process for the GBIS scope (monitoring incidents and action plans of the financial control platform). Management of incidents and user requests and coordination of releases and offshore activities. Review and optimization of support activities in the context of budget reduction phase. Review and optimization of the knowledge base. Education 10/2013 Project management certification Ecole Centrale Lille, Lille 11/2012 ITIL Certification Altran Institute, Paris 09/2008 IT, Applied Mathemematics, Finance, Engineering degree - 09/2011 ENSIIE, Evry