CHAIMAA OUMMOU Mobile +33 66 46 66 74 Email chaimaa.oummou@gmail.com Address 44 Avenue du Raincy, Villemomble 93250 PROFILE Motivated customer care professional with business and psychology background, and 10+ years of international and multi-industry experience including customer service, events management, hospitality and business services for French, English and Arabic-speaking clients. An excellent team player, highly determined with interpersonal and analytical skills and a solid ability to excel at challenging environments to ensure organizational goals are attained and client satisfaction is guaranteed. Key skills: Exhibits exceptional written and verbal communication skills, and is adept at communicating effectively with people at all levels. Unsurpassed interpersonal skills with a proven ability to quickly develop and maintain relationships with customers and colleagues Experienced at providing a high -quality service to customers and skilled at effectively dealing and resolvingcomplaints. Creative thinker who applies logic and initiative to difficult situations. EXPERIENCE GuestReady Remote Guest Experience Specialist Mar 2022 - Sep 2022 Connecting with guests before, during and after their stay, providing great customer service. Working alongside our team in France, UK and Dubai. Supporting and assisting the team with any other day-to-day operational tasks. Providing an amazing guest experience, with excellent attention to detail and personalised service. Teleperformance - Disney+ Remote Customer Service Advocate Feb 2020 - Julu 2021 Resolve product or service problems by clarifying the customer's request; determining the cause of the problem; selecting and explaining the best solution. Utilizing software, databases and tools appropriately. Guide customers through troubleshooting steps and ensure resolution. Merlin Entertainments- London Eye London, United Kingdom Guest Experience host Feb 2019 - Nov 2019 Create lifelong memorable experiences in our attraction for our guests. Delivering the highest possible standards of guest service, presentation, and product knowledge. Ensure that our guests are receiving optimal fun by connecting with them in a magical, fun, and safe environment. Serene Business Centers (SBC) Dubai, United Arab Emirates Public Relations Officer Jan 2016 - Jan 2017 Managed and supervised the PRO services including ministry approvals, corporate bank accounts, immigration and visa services 7 key accounts to successfully set-up their businesses in the UAE Acted as the Office Manager for 3 business centers overseeing their operations and solutions delivery Etihad Airways Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Cabin Crew Mar 2014 - May 2015 Graduated on top of the batch of 25 members for cabin safety, first aid and hospitality training achieving the highest performance levels in motion equipped CEET, RFFT and CST programs for six aircraft types Managed the safety and satisfaction of 55+ guests in economy and business classes on board 250+ flights to 52+ destinations in Asia, Africa, Europe, Americas and Australia EDUCATION & PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATIONS Mohammed V University Rabat, Morocco Bachelor in Psychology Present-remote Westminster University London, United Kingdom Bachelor in Psychology. Jan 2020 Tidewater Community College Virginia, United States Associate of Science in Mechanical Engineering - Transfer Program Jan 2012 PERSONAL Languages: English, French, and Arabic.