Lilia Taghouti liliataghouti@gmail.com +33 6 52 21 14 74 Experiences 2021 Now Customer Support Manager Google (Teleperformance) Call Center, Lisbon, Portugal - Troubleshooting and providing solutions to clients regarding technical issues on Google Ads, Merchant Center and Google Analytics. - Managing a team of 20 marketing specialists, developing them to achieve the targets of the following KPIs: customer's satisfaction, resolution time and quality guidelines. 2019 - 2020 Customer Support Representative Meero Photography Agency, Paris 2, France - Prospected +100 photographers and fashion providers and updated the database with about 20 new contracts. - Creating and building relationships with the clients via email, phone and meetings. - Organised the shootings and follow-up to ensure the quality of the delivery. 2019 Customer Support Representative Hipanema Fashion, Bobigny, France - Contacts via phone and emails to ensure the tracking of their orders and satisfaction. - Managing exchanges, refunds and stocks. - Creating the product sheets, managing the marketplace in collaboration with "Les Galeries Lafayette". 2019 Customer Support Internship YUJ Yoga wear & Studios, Paris 16, France - Managing e-commerce & yoga classes platforms: orders tracking, exchanges/refunds, managing the stocks, creating the product sheets, customer service, etc. - Implementation and development of the global communication strategy: social medias, content creation, SEO/SMO, CRM, PR and Influence in collaboration with an agency. Education 2019 Master's degree in Communication - With Honours EJCAM School of Journalism and Communication, Marseille, France 2017 Bachelor's degree in Psychology Université de Provence Aix-en Provence, France 2013 Baccalaureate - Digital Sciences major Lycée Montgrand Marseille, France Skills Office - Adobe Creative Cloud (Ps, Id, Pp, Ai), Microsoft Office, Slite, Slack, Trello, Asana. Marketing - Google Ads (Certified 100%), Google Analytics, Merchant Center, Facebook Business Manager, MailChimp, Hootsuite, Buffer. E-Commerce - Shopify, Prestashop, Diatly Others - Concord, Wordpress. Languages French Native - English Fluent (C1 - TOIEC 950/990) - Spanish / Portuguese Notions (B2) Hobbies Sports Tennis, pilates, running - Travel 12 countries so far - Reading Personal development books