Baran ERTEM +33 06 99 62 96 46 E-mail : ertembaran@gmail.com Professional Experiences Start-up Project/Entrepreneurship - RELOCATEUR (August 2023 - April 2024) Apartment/house hunting for professionals/students coming from other cities in France or other countries to Paris for work or their studies. Setting up their accommodation with their basic needs such as electricity contracts, renters insurance, and other contracts. Helping them with their integration into the city. Providing advice and mentorship for their future installation. Preparation of booklets for the new Parisians to help them with their new neighborhood. Instructions on how to get their new transportation cards, where their closest supermarket is, how to get their paperwork done at the city hall and SO on. Interpreter / Translator (2022 - 2024) Translator and guide for a Turkish rubber producer for the defense sector (Tekno Kaucuk), exhibiting at the Defence Fair Eurosatory in Paris. Helping them to strengthen their business affairs with partners from around the world. Consultant for one of the leading producers of construction machines and cement solutions in Turkey, SEMIX. Coordinating the communication between the clients and the company owners. Helping the company to augment their sales numbers in order to enlarge their clientele in France and Italy. Translation of the book titled "Dead Epidemiologists" (Epidémiologistes morts) from English to Turkish. Believe Digital - Paris/France (2014 - 2022) Senior Partner Support Analyst (2020 - 2022) Senior consultant and solutions architect in customer support (CS). Actively improving the quality of B2B customer service by analyzing customer support and experience issues (CS/CX) in terms of frequency and impact, while creating scalable solutions. Writing articles for the internal knowledge base documenting problem resolution, internal processes, and providing ongoing training to the CS team (25+ people). Handling complex and/or technical issues with clients in special cases. Head of Electronic Music Distribution (2017 - 2022) Point of contact for filtering and approving EDM catalogs and ensuring their prompt and efficient distribution to electronic music stores. Listening to and filtering label catalogs and identifying the best match with the genre preference of client stores. Guiding label managers in their daily workflow concerning their electronic music labels. Close day-to-day collaboration with the electronic music marketing manager to develop strategies on the above topics. Content Management Supervisor for the Turkish Market (2015 - 2019) Ensuring a high-quality workflow between partner stores (iTunes and Spotify). As a result of close collaboration with Believe Digital, the status of "preferred partner" was obtained for both stores. Ensuring the efficient and timely delivery of products to partner stores by following appropriate guidelines. Direct point of contact for Turkish labels/producers/artists for their product distribution needs. Languages Turkish (Native), French (Bilingual), English (Bilingual), Italian (Bilingual), Spanish (Intermediate) Education M.A. in Music Marketing Management and Communication 2014 - 2015 La Sapienza University, Rome, Italy B.A. in Sociology 2009 - 2013 Bahcesehir University, Istanbul, Turkey Cello and Music Theory 1998 2007 Institute of Fine Arts, Mimar Sinan University, Istanbul, Turkey