D/M Dylan Maloney 0620088273 ABOUT MI E ds.maloney4@gmail.com Paris 75010, France / am a talented, ambitious and fast paced environment, and hardworking individual, with broad particularly when dealing with https://www.linkedin.com/in skills and experience in many different multiple projects at once. I'm /dylan-maloney-694b66116/ areas of expertise. / strive to achieve the looking for opportunities to grow highest standard possible at any given and develop further in a task and in any given situation. I'm professional capacity. accustomed to working in a challenging EXPERENCE EDUCATION Customer Success Officer NeedHelp (Paris, France) 04/2022 - Present Bachelor of Arts in Economics and Sociology and Politics Verification of Customer files, follow-up of customer relations by e-mail University of Galway, Galway Ireland & telephone. 2015 2018 B2C relations: gathering customer requirements, Selling our service to customers. High School Leaving Certificate Increase revenue through prospecting new clients via cold calling, Presentation College Athenry, Galway, monitoring sales activities and transactions on our CRM system. Ireland Working on both supply and demand sides of the business. 2010 2015 Recruitment Assistant Momji Speaking Agency (Paris, France) 10/2021 - 03/2022 S K I L L S Worked with Leadership and Hiring Managers to develop and execute recruiting strategy. Adaptable, Listening, Communication, Collaborated on seamless recruitment processes by providing support to Leadership, Mentoring and Interpersonal hiring managers in evaluating potential candidates Skills, Organizational skills Conducted phone calls and/or meetings to create a shortlist of qualified candidates Brand Protection Coordinator INTERESTS Lane IP Limited (London, United Kingdom) 01/2019 - 04/2020 Sports, Travel, Volunteering, Pursuing an Management of client Domain portfolios, involved in the transferring, active lifestyle, Reading purchasing and acquisition of domains. Assisted with brand/domain investigations, involved in Due Diligence research for company takeovers and prepared monthly reports for clients. Responsible for sending quarterly invoices to clients Exhibited the ability to Multitask and the ability to prioritize and shift priorities