DAISEY BELL Customer Support Manager SUMMARY Managing a world class team that provides outstanding techncal support to our customers with emphasis on customer satisfaction with a focus on technical solutions WORK EXPERIENCE 05.22 - Collaboration Team Lead Present Adevinta Spearheaded recruitment, coaching, and development initiatives for a team of Atlassian Engineers, fostering a skilled and motivated workforce. Collaborated with diverse stakeholders, including vendors, IT, recruitment, and procurement, to orchestrate the successful delivery of a half-million- dollar consolidation project. Haarlem, NL Expertly managed stakeholder expectations, ensuring alignment with +31 6 21 62 69 84 project goals, and overseeing the team's delivery of diverse project requirements. bdaisey91@gmail.com Empowered the team through continuous coaching, development programs, and motivational strategies, cultivating a high-performance culture. EDUCATION Directed the enterprise-level consolidation of engineering tools, optimizing efficiency and functionality across the organization. Successfully managed a myriad of projects from inception to completion, California State University, Fullerton consistently meeting deadlines and budgetary constraints. 2014 08.20 - 05.22 - Operations Manager of Support Bachelors of Science, Kinesiology Momentive Led recruitment, coaching, and development initiatives for a high- performance team of Technical Support Engineers, fostering a culture of SKILLS excellence and continuous improvement. Established and implemented Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) for the + Customer Service team, regularly collecting and reporting metrics to ensure ongoing optimization of support processes.. + Team Management Proactively addressed challenges to cultivate a positive and productive Organization work environment, ensuring a collaborative and high-functioning team. Key Achievements: Operational Improvement Achieved the highest Customer Satisfaction (CSAT) and Customer Effort Dutch B1 (CER) scores among all product pillars at Momentive.. Earned top marks on multiple Engagement surveys from the team, reflecting high levels of satisfaction and engagement within the department. HOBBIES 07.16-07.20 - Project Manager Hiking with my two doggos Globant Piano Developed comprehensive internal instruction manuals to onboard new employees, facilitating efficient utilization of internal tools. These manuals Knitting serve as a valuable feedback mechanism to guide the development team in Snowboarding (a.k.a. falling down a enhancing our internal systems. mountain) Cultivated strong client relationships by effectively communicating and establishing clear project timelines, ensuring transparent expectations and Learning new languages - currently client satisfaction. Dutch! Hallo! Ensured ongoing alignment of program scope with strategic business Traveling and sightseeing objectives, contributing to the overall success of the organization's mission. Proficiently set project budgets and managed Profit and Loss (P&L) for each project, demonstrating financial acumen and accountability in project management.