Guillaume CUSTOMER SERVICE ORIENTED LEDOGARD (French and English speaking) A bilingual, multi-skilled and hard-working People Service Advisor holder of a master's 291 Chemin de la Roubine degree in HR, with over 10 years' experience both in France and the UK, carrying out a full 30200 St Laurent de Carnols range of HR responsibilities, with a strong customer service ethic and an enthusiasm to FRANCE help colleagues. Happy to work within tight deadlines and solve challenging issues. EXPERIENCE +33 (0)6 19 93 88 (only on WhatsApp) TOGA (GetAround) / From July 2022 till now / Part-time Remote job Bilingual Customer Service representative guillaume.ledogard@gmail.com Delivering exceptional customer service and support via telephone and email Ensuring that all enquiries via telephone and email are responded to in a timely manner Listening to customer requirements and presenting appropriate solutions HIGHLIGHTS EXPEDIA GROUP / From Aug 2017 to November 2021 / London (UK) - Remote job People Service Advisor (HR Operations Coordinator) Manage the onboarding and exit processes. Work well as part of a Act as first point of contact responsible for the accurate resolution of employee and line manager enquiries and requests that are escalated via phone, email, HR portal or other access channels. team and on own initiative Preparation of employment documents and processing of employment status changes (e.g. contracts of employment, domestic and international transfers, letters to confirm changes of terms, terminations). Excellent communication Maintain and update accurately all HR records/systems. Partnering with HRIS team to submit data and customer skills changes in line with internal payroll deadlines. Support the processing of payroll, ensuring all employee changes are communicated to the Payroll Ability to multitask in a Team accurately and within the required timelines. fast-paced environment Submit HR related invoices and ensure these are paid in a timely fashion. Well organized COCA-COLA EUROPEAN PARTNERS / April 2017 to July 2017 / Uxbridge (UK) People Service Advisor (HR Shared Services Advisor) Act as first point of contact responsible for the accurate resolution of employee and line manager Good attention to detail enquiries and requests that are escalated via phone, email, HR portal or other access channels. Performs activities such as recruitment administration, personnel administration, updating employee data and files and compensation & benefits. Quick learner SANDVIK LTD / Jan 2014 to Aug 2016 / Halesowen (UK) People Service Advisor (HR Shared Services Advisor) KEY SKILLS Provide support to Sandvik employees across all Business Areas within France. Performs activities offered by HR shared Services including PeopleSoft HR Management Systems, Technical recruitment administration, maintaining employee data and files, learning administration and benefits administration. Microsoft Office Provide PeopleSoft HR Systems support to the managers via TeamViewer. PeopleSoft HR Systems Responsible for training newly hired managers on PeopleSoft HR Systems by Webinar. WorkDay & ServiceNow Contribute to achieving the KPIs and targets set for the HR Services. SAP SucessFactors CRM Oracle & Salesforce Other relative experiences (more details in LinkedIn) Customer Service Assistant, BATTERY MEGASTORE (Online Battery Retailer), Jan 2013 to Aug 2013 Languages HR Assistant, MATERNE / MONT I (Food Industry), March 2011 to Aug 2011 Recruitment Advisor, INTERNIM BTP (Temporary agency), July 2009 to April 2010 Fluent English HR Assistant, PIERRE FABRE (Pharmaceutical laboratory), March 2009 to June 2009 Native French speaker Recruitment Consultant, RIVIERE CONSULTING (Headhunting agency), Jan 2008 to Feb 2009 INTEREST EDUCATION Tennis (competition) Université Lumière Lyon 2 I 2010 -2011 Lyon (France) Scuba-diving (level 2) Master degree in Human Resources Management (year of specialisation) / CIPD equivalent Hiking IFAG (Business School) 2006-2009 I Nîmes (France) Travelling (4 months in Asia in 2016) General Master degree in Strategy, Management and Human Resources Cinema High School I 2003-2006 Bagnols-sur-Cèze (France) Engineering A-level equivalent / Bachelor degree in IT