Contact Yann Baudic +33 (0)6 83 66 84 39 (Mobile) yann.baudic@gmail.com Tech Support Director at Martello Technologies Greater Nice Metropolitan Area www.linkedin.com/in/yannbaudic (LinkedIn) Summary Top Skills I combine solid business acumen and international exposure with Customer Service deep technological expertise. I genuinely enjoy cross functional Customer Care roles, removing barriers and creating opportunities. I thrive in Technical Support environments where no two workdays are the same. Languages I specialize in technical support, delivering exceptional quality English (Native or Bilingual) of service and elevating organization's customer experience to French (Native or Bilingual) new heights. I develop, nurture, and lead high-performing teams Italian (Elementary) exceeding expectations, focusing on collaboration, continuous Spanish (Elementary) improvement, building lasting relationships with customers, increasing loyalty and business growth. Experience Martello Technologies Director Technical Support May 2020 - Present (3 years 7 months) Nice, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France Technical Support Director with global servicing responsibility for some of the most demanding fortune 500 customers. Managing staff in Canada, the United States and Europe in a rapidly changing environment due to acquisitions and the integration of new systems and products. Martello is the leader in Modern Workplace, Microsoft 365 and Microsoft Teams digital experience monitoring (DEM) SaaS solutions. GSX Groupware Solutions 9 years 5 months Director Client Service November 2017 - April 2020 (2 years 6 months) Nice Area, France Page 1 of 5 Building strong relationships with customers while consulting, providing professional services and engaging as pre-sales or tech support. I manage the Client Service department spread across Europe, the United States and the Asia-Pacific region. GSX Solutions is the leading provider of monitoring and management solutions for messaging, collaboration, and mobility applications, covering the complete IBM and Microsoft 365 suites. Product Owner April 2016 - September 2018 (2 years 6 months) Nice Area, France Leading the team developing groundbreaking functionalities for our main product. Also an active member of the Product Management team, my goal is to improve our software to reach optimal end-user experience. Proven track record of consistently delivering and implementing superior solutions Maintaining our capacity for innovation Defining and analyzing business requirements Translation into use-cases and detailed specifications based on market needs Organization of the development of features in an Agile approach Validation of developments in their functional dimensions meeting the needs of our end customers Vouching for end-user experience quality Knowledge transfer to all stakeholders We rely on the Atlassian product suite including Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, etc. Technical Services Manager December 2010 - May 2018 (7 years 6 months) Nice Area, France Reinstated quality of service to its paramount status at GSX. I led the technical support department transformation to consistently exceed customer expectations using innovative solutions, leveraging technology, and promoting a culture of collaboration. The team now truly considers its mission is to provide world class technical support. Every member of the team is constantly striving to provide unrivaled customer care and attention to detail, taking our 100% Customer Satisfaction rating very seriously. We are also involved in professional services, assisting sales on technical matters, and key players in improving our product quality. Notus Consulting Chief Technology Officer October 2005 - January 2012 (6 years 4 months) Houston, Texas, United States Head honcho running an independent consulting practice specialized in "full stack tactical operations". Member of a team of technical experts helping companies of all sizes bringing their web based Lotus Notes Domino projects to completion. Navisite Manager - IBM Lotus Applications Private Cloud & Hosting Services December 2005 - November 2011 (6 years) Houston, Texas, United States I'm responsible for our Lotus Domino managed and private cloud offerings - SaaS before it was known as SaaS - meeting Service Level Agreements of up to 99.99% uptime for more than 100K end-users. NaviSite hosts Enterprise Collaboration Applications for Fortune 500 companies. I handle pre-sales, client service and customer satisfaction, managing a global team spread out across the globe in India, UK and the USA. Ixion LLC Senior Lotus Notes Domino Consultant July 2002 - July 2005 (3 years 1 month) Senior Consultant involved with many clients as the Project Manager and/ or technical expert. Responsible for software application development and Domino or Windows systems administration. Web developer specializing in building robust corporate e-Business solutions integrating Lotus Domino and Internet standards. XML Integrator working with eProcurement software from Clarus, Ariba, Commerce One and SAP. Detailed business process analysis and consulting services for web sites and content - - management solutions development. Web server performance and security architecture specialist. Domino Migration specialist upgrading Lotus Domino environments from all releases to current releases. Lotus Notes Back-End Development Expert. Systems Administrator. UT MD Anderson Cancer Center Lotus R5 Migration 2003 - 2004 (1 year) Lotus Domino Migration specialist involved in all aspects of server and client implementation of 120 clustered Lotus Domino server, 12,000 Lotus Notes client seats, upgrading from R4.6.7 to R5.11 using the ADT product. Heavily involved in client upgrades dealing with a wide variety of platforms and third party implementation issues. xnet inc. Lotus Notes Domino Consultant April 1999 - July 2002 (3 years 4 months) Houston, Texas Area Senior Consultant. Project Manager. Lotus Domino Technical Expert. Rookie responsible on many projects ranging from eCommerce to software application development to Domino and Windows systems administration. Schlumberger Extranet Solutions Project Leader January 1997 - February 1999 (2 years 2 months) Team leader managing 2 junior developers working on strategic business extranet sites supporting both the global pre-payment solutions and residential gas metering offers. Designed, developed and implemented the first Lotus Domino based intranet portal within Schlumberger's network. The application helps coordinating Schlumberger RMS world-wide purchasing. Established Schlumberger RMS applications security standards for Lotus Domino based extranet platforms.