Elodie Boue Egham eloodiel@live.fr +447944 626861 Willing to relocate: Anywhere Work Experience Team Leader Customer Experience Team tails.com - London April 2021 to Present Overseeing a team of 7 people and motivate them to do their job efficiently. Individually developing team members through weekly 1:1 and annual reviews to make sure targets are met. Participating to the recruitment, training, coaching of all team members. Supporting the team with challenging situations and serious complaints. Leading absences / performances management processes as well as disciplinary meetings. Reporting on a monthly basis to my manager. Delegate authority and responsibilities to team with supervision, accountability and review. Customer Experience Specialist - French Speaking tails.com - London April 2020 to April 2021 Resolved customer questions via email and phone in a considerate and timely manner HR Recruiter & Project Manager ZuraMedia Ltd - London February 2019 to March 2020 Produced job descriptions and advertissements for vacancies in the company : Customer Service Agent, Writers, Data Entry Assistant. Carried out job interviews. Trained and supported the new recruits. Managed administrative matters : invoices, salaries, holidays and office supplies. Create and co-wrote the book creation process for our service, Author in 2 Hours which is still in use today. Co-interviewed customers for two hours to collect information about the content of their books. Maintained contact with customers through emails and phone calls to get their feebacks during the entire book creation process. Project Assistant Destination Europe - London September 2018 to January 2019 Welcoming participants on their arrival in the UK and preparing them for their individual placements. Providing written feedback for participants regarding their professional performances and development throughout their projects. Mediating and resolving all professional and/or personal problems faced by participants that may arise, including those that may occur outside office hours. Recording conclusions drawn from meetings and feedback from host companies/participants in the database. Junior Project Manager - Intern New International Company - London March 2018 to September 2018 Managing and mentoring participants and young artists. Organising the week activities for up coming international projects. Contacting and recruiting staff and participants to participate to our cultural projects. Translating projects websites from English to French. Creating and updating databases. Managing social media accounts (Instagram and Facebook). Assistant - Intern Top Solutions - Pescara, Abruzzo April 2017 to May 2017 Carrying out marketing study Promoting products of clients by emails Translating emails and website from Italian to French Education MASTER DEGREE Foreign Languages (English and Italian) specialised in Management of Projects University of Aix-Marseille - Aix-en-Provence (13) September 2016 to October 2018 BACHELOR'S DEGREE in Foreign Languages (English and Italian) University of Aix-Marseille - Aix-en-Provence (13) September 2013 to October 2016 Two-Year Technical Degree in Chemistry La Forbine - Marseille September 2009 to June 2011 A level in Sciences Lycée de la Méditerranée - La Ciotat, FR September 2008 to June 2009