Graduate engineer. Yonatan Souid, 33 y.o Spécialized in SAAS & Customer Relationship since January 2020. 31 rue Tournefort, 75005 Paris https://www.linkedin.com/in/yonatansouid/ +33 (0)6 17 95 22 79 yonatan.souid@yahoo.fr 2023 (Permanent contract) Head of Customer Success - VOD Factory, Paris, 75009, France (1 year) Team management (3 employees) - Setting up the CS Department from scratch: introduction of best practices, work on soft skills, processes, customer meetings with steering committees project management Upsell participation in executive top management committees. Main clients among others: MK2, INA, Le Jour du Seigneur, La Cinémathèque des réalisateurs, Tchac, Cyrano, Shadowz & so on 2022 (Permanent contract) Head of Customer Success & Upsell Supervisor - Alpha Networks, Paris, 75001, France (1 year & 3 months) Customer Success Manager & Account Manager since august 2022. Management of customer portfolio: 50 clients in total. Account manager and privileged contact to take care of the SAAS OTT platforms (VOD Streaming). Upsell supervisor since January 2023. Main clients among others: Académie des César, La Cinémathèque des réalisateurs, Mediawan, Décathlon, Le Tigre Yoga, Saje Plus. Head of Customer Success + Upsell Supervisor for the Business Unit Bee: since March 2023. Team leadership: management of two CSM employees. 2020 (Permanent contract) Customer Success Manager - Trace One, Paris, France (2 years & 9 months) Supervising & supporting customers of the food retail industry in the proper use of all the Trace One solutions. My main clients = Coopérative U Enseigne & Groupement Les Mousquetaires in France + El Corte Inglés in Spain. Update of the software and organization of workshops to ensure a smooth user friendly experience, training to follow up of quality engineers, the packaging engineers and group leaders (customer relationship+); organization of steering and strategic committees; customer success plans to ensure client satisfaction. 2019 (Permanent contract) Engineer Food Quality Manager, Liquids - AMC Groupe Casino, Vitry-sur-Seine, France (9 months) Supervising a product portfolio of 700 references of private labels: Casino, Franprix, Leader Price & Monoprix brands. Specialized in liquids: lemonades, soft drink, extract coolers, beer syrups and concentrates water cider - alcohols whisky aperitif, digestif. Garantor for the good quality of products placed on the market: in accordance with applicable regulations for each product categories; follow-up of the tender procedure and product listing; validation of the Trace one Specifications and the products labeling; products control plans setup; communicating with suppliers on non-compliances; in charge of recalls or withdrawals of dangerous products; contributing to product enhancement in terms of quality (tasting, nutrition, packaging), following an engagement policy. 2018 (Limited-term contract) Quality Assistant Export for the wines & spirits - Bardinet, Blanquefort, France (6 months) Supervision of production processes; record keeping and ensuring the smooth running of manufacturing processes; updating and checking the specifications of export products; updating and supervising production line and stock; monitoring defective (liquid-dry) materials; monitoring quality indicators according to HACCP approach; in charge of customer relations with export clients in Great Britain, Japan, and Australia; staff training on quality procedures; conducting internal audits; conducting supplier and customer audits; participating in certification audits (IFS - BRC ISO 9001). 2017 (Limited-term contract) Brewer in a craft brewery - Rouquette, Deauville, France (3 months) Responsible for various aspects and stages of beer productions for the label "Les Caves du Conquérant under the supervision of a master brewer: brewing, monitoring fermentation and packaging in accordance with the specifications and quality procedures of the brewery. Production of a lager beer and an IPA. 2017 (Trainee) Research Assistant, Intern - Massey University, Palmerston North, New Zealand (6 months) Research project on probiotics (microbiology) and microencapsulation. Choice of the model of a probiotic with a lactic acid bacterium subjected to different stresses to analyze osmotic interactions and shocks by putting it in contact with solutions based on glucose and sucrose that protect probiotics. Drying techniques by lyophilization. 2016 (Trainee) Research Assistant, Intern - Matís, Sauoarkrókur, Iceland (3 months) Research collagen project: bioactivity of marine substances using chemicals and cell based assays. Extraction of proteins from Icelandic fishskin (cod), cells maintenance. New protocols performed. 2014-2015 U.S. travels with the aim of improving my English language skills, primarily in the New York area. (4 months) 2014 (Training) Senior Laboratory Technician - Silliker, La Rochelle, France (3 months) Analysis of growth of yeast and lactic bacteria, in MRS medium combined with sorbic. Researching the reaction of sorbic acid before or after autoclaving sterilisation cycles & using a naturally contaminated matrix (cheese). 2013 (Summer job) Laboratory technician - Sica Atlantique, La Rochelle, France (2 months) Poppy plant analysis: from planting until seed production. Carrying out quantitative and qualitative analysis. 2013 (Trainee) Senior Laboratory Technician in microbiological food analysis - Silliker, Barcelona, Spain (3 months) Microbiological Food analysis in a pathogen laboratory. Culturing bacteria and preparing samples for analysis. EDUCATION 2015-2017 MS degree Biotechnologies, management in Food Industry factories. La Rochelle University, France 2014-2015 1st year of the MS degree AgroSciences, specialization in Agri Food Industry: Aix-Marseille University, France 2013-2014 3rd year BA Degree, in Life Sciences, specialization in Biotechnology: La Rochelle University, France 2011-2013 Two-year undergraduate diploma in Biology, specialization in its application to the Food Industry: La Rochelle, France SKILLS Academic skills : Quality Control - Industrial microbiology - Brewing technology and methods - Agri-food products and chains - Hygiene risk management - Implementation of regulations HACCP proficiency - Laboratory techniques (cell culture, microbiology, molecular biology, chromatography, Elisa test) - Audits. Computer kills:Office applications (Excel, Powerpoint, Word). R, MS Project, Sartorius, AS 400 - PLUM - Trace One, Mediabox - Other software Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Lightroom, Aperture, iMovie Language skills : French and Spanish : Fluent - English: Near fluency (TOEIC : 910/990) EXTRA-CURRICULAR Music: 12 years of formal piano study - Professional photographer since 2015: https://www.yonatansouid.com - Sports: Competitive swimming - First aid, lifeguard - Cycling, sailing, walking - Travel: Europe - United States of America- Canada - Israêl - Thailand, Laos, Viet-Nam - Iceland - United Arab Emirates - Oceania (Australia & New Zealand) - Georgia