CONNOR GALBRAITH BASEL, SWITZERLAND +41762330633 DETAILS PROFILE Basel, Switzerland With six years expertise in customer service, I excel in communication, problem-solving +41762330633 and leadership. I've resolved complex issues, trained staff, and improved processes connorgalbraithwork@gmail.com for better satisfaction. I'm now pursuing a MBA to enhance my talents in people development. I'm adaptable and committed to achieving exceptional results. LINKS o LinkedIn: EMPLOYMENT HISTORY connor-galbraith-764305aa Supervisor at Mercedes-Benz, Maastricht, The Netherlands SKILLS October 2019 - November 2023 Cross-Functional Collaboration Team Management: Led a team of 10 customer service representatives, ensuring high-quality multi-channel service. User Interface Design Issue Resolution: Implemented streamlined procedures to resolve complex customer issues, enhancing satisfaction and retention. Customer Advocacy Operational Improvement: Applied process optimization techniques to enhance Team Leadership performance, reducing costs and errors. Training and Development: Designed and facilitated training programs to elevate Design Software team skills and service standards. User Experience Performance Measurement: Monitored and reported key performance indicators, driving continuous improvement initiatives. Analytical Skills Cross-functional Collaboration: Fostered partnerships with other departments to Trend Analysis improve customer experience outcomes. Technical Proficiency: Skilled in Salesforce, with a focus on the SIRIUS module. Collaboration Leadership Factory Supervisor at Indian Ocean Rock Lobster, Cervantes, Australia November 2018 July 2019 Marketing Operations Management: Orchestrated comprehensive operations for live rock Planning lobster production and distribution. Coordination Supervision: Oversaw the coordination of boat arrival, lobster LANGUAGES o harvesting, quality assessment, transportation, and export packaging. English Team Engagement: Established and executed emotional management and team engagement practices in a challenging weekly cycle. German Leadership: Demonstrated leadership skills with achievements such as assisting the Sales Director and introducing an innovative packing technique for operational o PERSONAL PROJECTS o improvement. Travel: I have travelled to 15% of the world and I aim to explore Home Improvement Specialist (Self Employed), in France, Germany and Switzerland South America or Africa next. June 2018 - November 2018 Spearheaded an Entrepreneurial Venture: Successfully launched and managed a Sports: 2x Marathon Runner (May business providing specialised labour services to the expatriate community. 2022, May 2023), Touch Rugby Client Relationship Management: Fostered a professional atmosphere, driving (National level) and a PADI Open sustainable growth through positive client referrals. Water Scuba Diver. Achievement of Personal Milestones: Secured a Working Holiday Visa for Australia, fulfilling a short-term goal and opening up new professional opportunities. Theatre: I have performed in the musicals Fiddler on the Roof, Global Human Resources Specialist at Syngenta Group, Basel, Switzerland Oklahoma & The Sound of Music July 2016 - July 2017 as the principle lead role. HR Specialist: Provided HR support to an agrochemical firm's global HQ Analytics Delivery: Delivered HR analytics to regional partners using data Music: I have seen over 250 artists visualization tools live and I am aiming to see 300 Performance Evaluation: Conducted performance evaluations for local employees performers by the age of 30. using SMART criteria Online Learning: Managed online learning platform for global employees and ensured its accessibility and usability Assessment Centers: Organized assessment centers for diverse roles and facilitated the selection process Brand Enhancement: Boosted company's brand and attracted top talent by improving candidate experience at assessment centers using feedback surveys and gamification techniques Sales & Marketing Internship - Solutions Department at Endress + Hauser, Basel, Switzerland July 2015 - September 2015 Automisation: Utilized my skills in software development and business strategy to contribute to the creation of an automated business planning tool at the corporate headquarters. SWOT Analysis: Developed a deep understanding of the SWOT analysis process, enhancing my strategic thinking skills. Applied this expertise to various projects, demonstrating my ability to turn analysis into action. Customer Needs: Honed my customer-centric approach by identifying customer needs and aligning them with value propositions, showcasing my skills in customer relationship management and product positioning. EDUCATION (In Progress) MBA in Coaching, Mentoring and Leadership, York St Johns University May 2023 - Present Leadership: Cultivate the ability to inspire and lead teams towards achieving organisational goals. Coaching: Develop the capacity to guide individuals in their professional growth, enhancing their performance and productivity. Mentoring: Learn to foster long-term relationships that support the personal and professional development of individuals Strategic Thinking: Formulate effective strategies for growth and sustainability. Problem-Solving: Strengthen ability to identify, analyse, and solve challenges. (2.1) BSc: Sports Science and Business Studies, Brunel University, London September 2014 May 2018 Management & Marketing: Developed strategic planning and promotional skills. Organizational Behavior: Employee behavior and HR practices. International Dimension: Understood global strategies and cultural nuances. Work-Based Learning: Applied theoretical knowledge to real-world scenarios. Entrepreneurship & Small Business Ventures: Starting and managing businesses. Innovation & Knowledge Management: Manage information and drive innovation. Dissertation: Authored "ConCrushed" https://connorgalby007.wixsite.com/concrushed), examining the psychological impact of rugby union concussions. This work demonstrates my research and analytical skills. (30 Points) International Baccalaureate, International School of Basel, Switzerland September 2012 - May 2014 Fosters Holistic learners with the ability to critically think, research, communicate, and self-manage. Emphasizes resilience, empathy, and open-mindedness to prepare students for global engagement. Extended Essay: Explored the link between depression and head trauma in rugby. COURSES Introduction To Accounting, University of British Columbia The Science of Happiness, University of California How to Navigate Myself Through Difficult Times of Change, Mercedes-Benz