MINERVA PEREZ Product Marketing Manager SUMMARY A team player with a passion for thriving in dynamic environments where innovation is at the forefront. I am excited about the prospect of contributing to the successful launch of new features. Helping teams understand and leverage these new capabilities is highly rewarding. I am proactive, enthusiast & love to work in a dynamic team. in EXPERIENCE Mexican/Spanish - No Visa Required SODEXO 2020-CURRENT (PARIS) PERSONAL INFO Global Product Manager - Marketing & Sales Enablement (2023- current) mine pdgracia@hotmail.com Managed and monitored activities in the Client Lifecycle and +33 7 83 63 84 57 facilitated global webinars to showcase our tools. Paris, France Project Management: Create a comprehensive project timeline, define clear milestones, and continuously monitor progress to ensure LANGUAGES all project components stay on track and meet deadlines. Spanish - Native Facilitated effective communication and collaboration English - Bilingual C2 between the product team & cross-functional departments. French- Fluent C1 Developed and onboarded new technologies within Retention (creating and editing technical documentation of our processes, SKILLS methodology, new features, and use cases) Achieving above and beyond the goal for revenue retention by 95% SEO - Google analytics, Microsoft Ads, Display. Tracked upsell and cross-sell opportunities, ensuring client renewals. BI Platforms - Power BI, Tableau CRM Tools- Salesforce, Eloqua, Customer Success Manager - Client Retention (2020) Braze, HubSpot Account Management Top200+ Accounts. Project Management - Agile Monitored customer health, usage metrics, and risk indicators Projects (like NPS scores) Others: Notion, Canva, Slack, Drove client success through regular check-ins, QBRs, and strategic planning sessions for goal alignment. EDUCATION INTERNATIONAL SOS 2019-2020 CDD (PARIS) INSEEC PARIS (2020-22) Master of Science Marketing Executive - Communications Europe International Business Brand management Created end-to-end marketing campaigns in Eloqua resulting in a 70% TOULOUSE BUSINESS SCHOOL (2015-16) increase in website traffic. Master of Science Launched and managed targeted email marketing campaigns. Strategic Innovation Create internal communication content. ITESM (2012-2017) Write & edit content including press releases, newsletters, website Bachelor- Marketing content. Coordination of global webinars and lead management (Salesforce) ACCENTURE 2017-2019 (MEXICO CITY) Digital Analytics Analyst- Applied Intelligence Extract business insights from data and help clients to use Analytics.